Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This crash took place on the northbound lanes of a four-lane divided roadway with a grass median. Conditions were daylight and dry in the early afternoon. The roadway had a posted speed limit of 89 kmph (55mph). V1 was a 1995 Chevrolet Cavalier that was coming from the eastbound lane intending to turn left onto the northbound lane. V2 was a 2004 Ford Expedition that was traveling northbound on the divided highway in lane three. V2 was driven by a 47-year old man. V1 was driven by a 20-year old female with an infant in the backseat. The front of V2 hit the left side of V1 as it was attempting to make the left turn onto the northbound roadway. V1 then spun out of control and hit a utility pole on the right corner of the intersection. Both the driver of V1 and the infant passenger were airlifted to a trauma center. The driver of V1 could not be reached for an interview. The driver of V2 was not injured and refused an interview. The State Trooper on the scene did not want the accident scene invaded and advised the researcher to keep a distance. The researcher spoke briefly with a witness who stated that V2 was in the process of making a left turn at the time of the crash; however, she was not able to stay on-scene and provide any more information than that. The Critical Pre-crash Event for the driver of V1 was when she attempted to turn left at the intersection. The Critical Reason was coded "Type of driver error unknown" due to the lack of an interview. No other information about this driver was known. The Critical Pre-crash Event for the driver of V2 was when another vehicle encroached into his lane, across his path. The Critical Reason was not coded to the driver of V2. No other information about this driver was known due to the lack of an interview. Both vehicles were towed due to damage.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:


Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Unknown
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Turning left at intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From crossing street, across path

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Type of driver error unknown
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
