Case Summary:
1    Case Summary The crash occurred on an urban, two-lane, residential roadway. The road was straight with a downgrade of 13% at road departure, gradually decreasing to a 7% grade at final rest. The posted speed limit was 48kmph (30mph). Conditions were daylight with a slightly wet road on a weekday evening. Vehicle #1 was a 1995 Toyota Camry traveling south. The driver lost control coming down the hill and departed the right (west) side of the road. The vehicle crossed a private drive, dropping off a 30cm high brick wall before contacting a large bush with its front. Vehicle #1 continued south crossing another private drive and struck a fence and utility pole with its front coming to rest against the pole. The fence is about 15 cm from the pole. The distance between roadway departure and final rest was 60m. Vehicle #1 was driven by a 14-year-old female that was unbelted but was the beneficiary of deployed frontal airbags. She was accompanied in the vehicle by her two cousins, a 14-year-old male, and a 12-year-old female, none of which were belted. All three of them received minor injuries, however the 12-year-old female in the back seat was the only one transported to a hospital for treatment. The driver took the keys to the vehicle without her parent's permission and drove approximately 300m from her residence and turned around to come back. While returning she lost control and crashed 50m from her house. According to her father she had only driven a car a couple of times under his supervision. Police charged the driver with driving without a license and joyriding. Although the investigating officer coded severe damage and deployed airbags on the police report, the vehicles towed status was marked as driven away, most likely due to the close proximity to the drivers residence. The Critical Precrash Event for Vehicle #1 was this vehicle traveling off the edge of the road on the right side. The Critical Reason for the Critical Event was a performance error, poor directional control. Associated factors included inadequate evasive actions, insufficient steering and braking inputs. A performance error was coded, poor directional control. Two driver experience factors were also included, inexperienced driver and first time driving on road.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision, Driver Inexperience, Driver Performance present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Off the edge of the road on the right side

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Poor directional control (e.g., failing to control vehicle with skill ordinarily expected)
