Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two vehicle rear end type crash occurred just past noon in the number two northbound lane of a five lane, north/south bituminous asphalt roadway. The roadway has two northbound and two southbound lanes and a continuous left turn that separates the lanes. This crash is intersection related. The intersection where the crash occurred is controlled by traffic lights that appeared to be functioning properly at the time of the crash. The speed limit on the roadway where the crash occurred is posted 72 kmph (45 mph). The were no environmental factors that contributed to this crash and there were no obstructions. Vehicle one (V1), a 1995 Nissan 4 door Sentra sedan, was driven by a 19 year-old male with one passenger. V1 was traveling northbound in the number one lane. The vehicle was following a non-contact vehicle that had stopped suddenly in the traffic lane. The driver of V1 steered the vehicle to the left and then applied the brakes. V1 began to travel in the number two lane and skidded for approximately 28 meters (92 feet) before impacting with the rear of vehicle two (V2), a 2001 Honda Accord sedan driven by a 17 year-old female that was stopped in the traffic lane for the red light. The impact caused V1 to rotate counterclockwise coming to rest partially in the number one and two lanes of the northbound lanes facing in a northwesterly direction. V1 was towed due to damage. The driver of V1 had been racing with the non-contact vehicle that had stopped in front of his vehicle, forcing him to steer his vehicle to the left and apply the brakes. V1 also had mismatched tire sizes on the front versus the rear of the vehicle, in addition all tires had minimal tread depth and were under inflated. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: this vehicle traveling, over the lane line on the left side of travel lane. The critical reason was coded driver related factor: aggressive driving behavior. The critical pre-crash event for V-2 was coded: other vehicle encroachment; from adjacent lane (same direction) - over left lane line. The critical reason was not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Aggressive Behavior, Distraction, Driver Performance, Driver Stress/Emotion, Speed/Distance, Vehicle present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Avoidance maneuver to a previous critical event
 2 ：Stopped in traffic lane

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Over the lane line on left side of travel lane
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From adjacent lane (same direction) - over left lane line

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Aggressive driving behavior
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
