Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This crash occurred in the eastbound lane of a five-lane, two-way, non-divided city street. There were two eastbound lanes, two west bound lanes and the center lane was a left turn only lane. This was a straight, level, bituminous roadway with a posted speed limit of 48 Kmph (30 Mph). It was early afternoon on a weekday and the road was wet asphalt and it was cloudy. It was not raining at the time of the crash but it was raining about forty-five minutes earlier. V1 a 1991 Chevy Blazer was traveling east in lane one approaching stopped traffic. V2 a 2000 Ford Windstar was in lane one waiting at the red light in front of V1 for the light to turn green. V1 was coming up on V2 and thought that the traffic started to move, when he realized that it wasn't he slammed on his brakes and V1's front hit V2 in the back. V1, a 1991 Chevy Blazer was driven by a 38 year-old male. The driver of V1 stated that he saw the left lane starting to take off and assumed the traffic in front of him would proceed to. He then saw that the traffic was not moving so he hit the brakes hard. The driver then stated that the ABS system went out on him and he could not stop in time. The Critical Pre-crash Event was coded "other vehicle in lane stopped". The Critical Reason for the Critical Pre-crash Event was coded "external distraction". V2, a 2000 Ford Windstar was driven by a 52 year-old male. The driver stated that the light turned green and he heard V1's tires locking up. He then stated that he could not go anywhere and was contacted in the rear of his vehicle. The Critical Pre-crash Event was coded "other motor vehicle on lane traveling in the same direction with a higher speed". The Critical Reason was not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Distraction, Roadway present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Drugs, Roadway present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Starting in traffic lane

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Other vehicle stopped
 2 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Traveling in same direction with higher speed

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- External distraction
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
