Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two-vehicle collision occurred at the intersection of a north-south roadway and an east-west roadway. The pre-crash roadways for southbound and westbound traffic consist of two lanes of straight and level concrete paving, with two-way traffic on both roadways. The intersection is controlled by stop signs in all four directions, with a flashing red signal above the intersection for added visibility. The speed limit for both roadways is 40 kph (25 mph). This crash occurred during nighttime hours. Vehicle one, a 1995 Land Rover Discovery was southbound on the roadway. Vehicle two, a 1996 Toyota Tercel was stopped westbound on the cross street at the intersection. Vehicle one and two proceeded into the intersection. The front of vehicle one impacted the right of vehicle two. Both vehicles came to rest in the southwest corner of the intersection. Vehicle one was not towed from the scene. Vehicle two was towed due to damage. The driver of vehicle one, a thirty-three year old male had just begun moving himself this evening. This driver was coming from his apartment going to his girlfriend's home. This driver had been driving for only five minutes at the time of the crash. This driver stated that he forgot that the stop sign was there and even wondered why the other vehicle ran the stop sign just before he got hit. This driver thinks he may have been looking to the school on his right. This driver also stated that is it difficult for him to see the flashing signal due to his height and a low windshield header. This driver drives this vehicle daily and over this road on a monthly basis. The driver of vehicle two, a thirty-year old female was headed from her home to a friend's home. This driver had just left her house. This driver stated that she was stopped at the intersection looked both ways and proceeded when it was her turn. This driver drives this vehicle daily and over this road on a daily basis. The critical pre-crash event for vehicle one was coded as “this vehicle traveling: crossing over [passing through] intersection”. The critical reason for the critical event for vehicle one was coded as “driver related factor: inadequate surveillance”. The critical pre-crash event for vehicle two was coded as “other vehicle encroachment: from crossing street across path.” The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event for vehicle two was coded as “not coded to this vehicle”.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Distraction, Driver Inexperience, Surveillance, Vehicle, Weather/Environment present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Driver Fatigue, Weather/Environment present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Stopped in traffic lane

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Crossing over (passing through) intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From crossing street, across path

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Inadequate surveillance (e.g., failed to look, looked but did not see)
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
