Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two-vehicle crash occurred in the middle of a four-way intersection. The roadways for both vehicles were asphalt, dry, and level. The posted speed limit was 56kmph (35 mph) for both directions. Signalized traffic devices controlled all the directions into the intersection. The crash occurred in the late afternoon on a weekday. The traffic flow was normal and the weather was clear. V1, a 1993 Mercury Villager, was traveling westbound through the intersection when it contacted, with its front, the left side of V2, a 1990 Plymouth Acclaim traveling southbound through the intersection. After the impact V1 rotated (15 deg) slightly clockwise and came to final rest. The driver of V1, a 57-year old female, refused to be interviewed and would not comment on the crash. The police report indicates she was traveling through the intersection and contacted V1. She reported to the police that V2 disregarded the red light and she didn't have enough time to stop. However, statements made by the police to this researcher contradict that statement. The driver suffered minor injuries and was transported from the scene. V1 was towed due to damage. The driver of V2, a 35-year old male, said he was traveling approximately 48kmph (30mph) as he approached the intersection. He entered it, at a steady speed, and was contacted by V1. He assures that the light was green and his travel speed was within the speed limit. He said he didn't see V1 until the last minute; that is, when it made contact with his vehicle. . V2 damages were disabling and had to be towed. The Critical Pre-Crash Event for V1 was coded as this vehicle traveling, crossing over (passing through) an intersection. The Critical Reason was coded as an illegal maneuver as V1 violated a traffic control device. There were no known associated factors as the driver refused to be interviewed. The Critical Pre-Crash Event for V2 was coded as other vehicle encroachment, from crossing street, across path. The Critical Reason was not coded to this vehicle. There were no known associated factors, as V2 was not thought to have contributed to the crash.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Driver Physical, Drugs present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Crossing over (passing through) intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From crossing street, across path

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Illegal maneuver
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
