Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two vehicle crash occurred at dusk at straight four lane undivided (two-way traffic) roadway without traffic signals. The speed limit for the roadway is 48 kmph (30 mph). The road surface was dry,level concrete and there were no detrimental atmospheric conditions at the time of the crash. Vehicle one (V 1), an unidentified mid 1990's four door Nissan or Toyota with unknown driver was traveling south in the second lane of traffic. Vehicle two (V 2), a 1999 Mercury Villager driven by a 32 year-old male was traveling south in the first lane. V 1 changed into V 2's line for no apparent reason. The right side of V 1 impacted the left side of V 2 in a sideswipe type collision, moving from back to front. V 1 pushed V 2 to west side of the roadway and off the roadway to the right. Before disengaging, V 1 separated the left front wheel from V 2. V 2 rotated clockwise and came to rest within a private parking lot. V 1 re-entered the southbound lanes of traffic, crossed both lanes and came to rest partially in lane 2 of the northbound lanes. The driver was able to re-start the vehicle and left the scene unidentified. The driver of V 1 could not be identified. According to a witness on-scene the driver was drinking alcohol at a nearby location, together with at least 2 more occupants. The same witness described the crash event on location. The witness also described visible damage spread over the entire right side of the vehicle. The witness observed V 1 fleeing the scene driving in the southbound lanes. V 2 was towed from the scene, the driver was transported to a local medical facility. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: this vehicle traveling, over the lane line on the right side of travel lane. The Critical reason was a driver related factor: type of driver error unknown. Associate factors for V 1 speed and possible alcohol consumption. The pre-event movement for V 2 coded going straight, category other vehicle encroachment from adjacent lane same direction over left lane line. Critical reason not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Aggressive Behavior, Decision, Driver Performance present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Over the lane line on right side of travel lane
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From adjacent lane (same direction) - over left lane line

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Type of driver error unknown
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
