Case Summary:
1    Case Summary The crash occurred in the eastbound right lane (1) of a primary arterial road that ran east/west and was divided by a curb height grass median with no physical divider. There were six lanes (3 each direction) with the left lane in either direction being a left turn only lane an uninvolved road intersected the north side of the road and there was a private lot driveway on the south side of the intersection that was opposite the uninvolved roadway. There was an open crossover with no traffic controls to allow access to the driveway and uninvolved roadway. The eastbound approach to the intersection was curved right/south with a radius of 1250m and was super elevated to 2%. The short westbound approach was straight. The crash area was level. Conditions at the time of the crash were daylight and dry with a speed limit of 72kmph (45mph). The crash occurred in the early afternoon on a weekday. V1 was a 2004 Ford F-150 4x4 pickup truck that was originally westbound but was turning left from a stopped position in the westbound left turn lane in an attempt to enter the private lot when it was struck on its right side by the front of V2, a 1985 Buick Electra Park Avenue that was traveling east on the arterial in the right lane. V1 came to rest with its front end facing south in the driveway a few meters east of impact and V2 came to rest facing southeast in lane 1 with its back end overlapping lane 2 (eastbound) also a short distance from impact. Both vehicles were towed from the scene. V1 was driven by a sixty-five-year-old unrestrained (see V1 knee bolster image for driver side) male who was uninjured in the crash. He was out running errands that day and claimed the road was clear when he made his left turn maneuver. The Critical Precrash Event for V1 was "this vehicle traveling, turning left at an intersection". The Critical Reason was "inadequate surveillance, looked but did not see". The driver did list one medication that he was taking but also stated that he was on "3 or 4 others" as well. He did not wish to list these. No other contributing factors were coded to this vehicle. V2 was driven by a twenty-year-old belted female who was transported from the scene with possible injuries via EMS. She left a six-meter skid with her vehicle as evidence of an attempt to avoid V1. She was unable to be contacted for an interview. The Critical Precrash Event for V2 was "other vehicle encroachment from opposite direction over the left lane line". The Critical Reason was not coded to this vehicle. No contributing factors could be coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Drugs, Surveillance present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Stopped in traffic lane
 2 ：Negotiating a curve

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Turning left at intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From opposite direction - over left lane line

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Inadequate surveillance (e.g., failed to look, looked but did not see)
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
