Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This crash occurred at 0654 hours involving two vehicles at an intersection with traffic lights. The speed limit for the roadway is 48 kph (30 mph) for the east-west direction and 64 kph (40 mph) in the north-south direction. The road is a 4-lane divided (no positive barrier) concrete roadway forV 1, and a 4 lane one-way roadway for V 2. The road surface was dry and there were no detrimental atmospheric conditions at the time of the crash. V 1, a 2000 Dodge Ram pick-up truck driven by a 64 year-old male was traveling east in the second lane, crossing through the intersection of both roadways. V 2, a 1991 Lexus LS 400, driven by a 26 year-old male was traveling south in the second lane. The front of V 2 impacted the right side of V 1. V 2 rotated clockwise and moved into the westbound lanes. It came to rest facing west partially on the median. V 1 rotated counter clockwise after the impact, and moved partially onto the median of the westbound roadway. It came to rest partially on the median, partially in the intersection, facing west. Both vehicles were towed from the scene. No injuries were reported. The pre-event movement for V 1 coded going straight, category this vehicle traveling crossing over passing through intersection. Critical reason driver related factor "inattention". The pre-event movement of V 2 coded starting in traffic lane, category other vehicle encroachment from crossing street across path. Critical reason not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Distraction, Driver Stress/Emotion, Surveillance present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Roadway present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Starting in traffic lane

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Crossing over (passing through) intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From crossing street, across path

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Inattention (i.e., daydreaming)
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
