Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This three-vehicle crash occurred on a straight, divided, uphill roadway. The roadway runs north and south at the location of the crash and consists of three through lanes and one left turn lane in each direction. The speed limit on the highway is 64 kmph (40 mph) and there were no adverse weather conditions at the time. The crash occurred at night, but it was lighted. There was heavy traffic on the roadway at the time. Vehicle one (V1), a 2003 Toyota Corolla, was southbound in lane three. Vehicle two (V2), a 1996 Jeep Grand Cherokee, was southbound in front of V1. Vehicle three (V3), a 2004 Mazda 6, was southbound in front of V2. A non-contact vehicle stopped and V2 and V3 stopped in traffic. The front of V1 struck the back of V2. V2 moved forward and the front struck the back of V3. All three vehicles came to rest just south of the area of impact. V1 was towed due to damage. The driver of V1, a forty-nine-year-old female, was well rested, traveling a familiar route and was comfortable with her vehicle. She admitted (through a translator) that she "wasn't paying attention to the car in front of her." The driver of V2, a nineteen-year-old female, refused an interview. It is unknown if she was aware of V1 prior to the crash. The driver of V3, a twenty-six-year-old female, was not fatigued and was comfortable with her route and vehicle. She was watching the traffic in the right lanes so that she could change lanes to the right but her lack of attention to V1 and V2 did not contribute to this crash. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: other motor vehicle in lane, other vehicle stopped. The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded as a driver related factor: inattention (i.e., daydreaming). The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded: other motor vehicle in lane, traveling in same direction with higher speed. The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event was not coded to this vehicle. V3 was not involved in first harmful event. The critical reason was not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Distraction, Drugs, Surveillance present problem 
Vehicle 3:  Distraction present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Decelerating in traffic lane
 3 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Other vehicle stopped
 2 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Traveling in same direction with higher speed
 3 ：Other- Not involved first harmful event

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Inattention (i.e., daydreaming)
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
 3 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
