Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This is a two-vehicle rear-end configuration crash that occurred in the eastbound # 2 lane of a two-way, four-lane, straight, level, dry, asphalt roadway. The roadway has two westbound and two eastbound lanes. The lanes are separated by painted centerline stripe. The crash was intersection related. The intersection where the crash occurred is controlled by stop signs to enter the west/east roadway. The speed limit on the roadway is posted 52 kmph (35 mph). There were no environmental factors and no sight line restrictions that contributed to this crash. It was dark at the time of the crash, but the area was illuminated by street lights. Vehicle one (V1), a 2003 Nissan Sentra was traveling eastbound in the second lane. Vehicle two (V2), a 1997 Dodge pickup was traveling eastbound in the #2 lane and stopped to make a left turn at the intersection. The front of V1 impacted the rear of V2. Both vehicles came to rest in the area of impact. V1 was not towed and left the scene before police arrived. V2 was towed due to damage. The driver of V1, a 56-year-old male, stated that V2 stopped suddenly and that he applied his brakes and his vehicle skidded for about 9 meters (30 feet) before it struck the rear of V2. This driver has no health related issues, does not work and received plenty of sleep the previous night. This driver drives this vehicle daily and over this road on a daily basis. There is no known information about the driver of V2 or any occupants. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: other vehicle in lane, other vehicle stopped. The critical reason for the critical event was coded to V1 as a driver related factor: misjudgment of gap or other's speed. The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded: other motor vehicle in lane, traveling in same direction with higher speed. The critical event was not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision, Speed/Distance present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Decelerating in traffic lane

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Other vehicle stopped
 2 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Traveling in same direction with higher speed

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Misjudgment of gap or other's speed
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
