Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This intersection type crash occurred during very late afternoon daylight hours at a controlled intersection. The north/south roadway is a 2-way, 4-lane, level, straight, dry, undivided asphalt roadway. The east/west roadway is a two way, 2-lane concrete roadway with a negative slope for traffic approaching from the west. Traffic on this roadway is controlled by stop signs before entering or crossing the north/south roadway. Traffic on the north/south roadway is controlled by tri-lights. The tri-lights are always green unless activated by pedestrians who desire to cross the street. When activated, traffic is then stopped until the pedestrian crosses the four lanes of traffic. Both drivers are familiar with the routes traveled and the different control devices were not considered a factor. The speed limit for the north/south roadway is 56 kmph (35 mph). Vehicle one (V1) was a 2003 red Honda Accord 4-door occupied only by the 60 year old female driver. V1 was heading south in the second lane. Vehicle two (V2) was a 2002 dark blue Dodge Stratus 4-door occupied only by the 18 year old female driver. V2 was traveling east on the concrete roadway with the -5% grade. The driver of V2 stopped at the stop sign with the intention of turning left or northbound. As V2 entered the intersection a large truck that was southbound and was turning right at the collision intersection obstructed the view of both drivers. As V2 continued into the intersection, the front of V1 struck the left side of V2. At impact, V2 rotated clockwise and came to rest facing east adjacent to the impact point. V1 continued forward as it was deflected to its left, crossed over the two northbound lanes, left the roadway before it stuck a sign before coming to rest facing south. Both vehicles were towed from the scene. The driver of V1 was transported. The driver of V1 is familiar with the vehicle and route traveled. Because of the large truck to her right, she could not detect V2 in time to avoid the crash. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: other vehicle encroachment; from crossing street, turning into opposite direction. The critical reason was not coded to this vehicle. The same large truck also obstructed the view of the driver of V2 as he pulled into the intersection. The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded: this vehicle traveling, turning left at intersection. The critical reason for the critical event was coded to V2 as a driver decision error: turned with obstructed view.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Drugs, Roadway present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Decision, Driver Inexperience, Roadway, Surveillance present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Stopped in traffic lane

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From crossing street, turning into opposite direction
 2 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Turning left at intersection

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
 2 ：Driver Related Factor- Turned with obstructed view
