Case Summary:
1    Case Summary The crash occurred in the northbound lanes of a two-way, ten-lane interstate roadway, divided by a concrete traffic barrier. There were five northbound lanes, with a posted speed of 105 kmph (65 mph). This was a straight, level, asphalt roadway. Conditions were daylight on a weekday afternoon with dry roads and clear skies. Traffic flow was normal. V1, a 2000 Mitsubishi Galant with one occupant, was traveling in lane one. V2, a 2005 Volkswagen Toureg with one occupant, was traveling in lane four. The driver of V1 changed lanes to the left, crossing three lanes of traffic. The left side of V1 made contact with the right side of V2. V2 then traveled toward the concrete traffic barrier. The left side of V2 made contact with the barrier. Both vehicles were towed due to damage. V1, the Mitsubishi Galant, was driven by a 26-year old male, who was not injured. He could not be reached for interview. The Critical Precrash Event for V1 was "this vehicle traveling, over the lane line on left side of travel lane." The Critical Reason for the Critical Event was an unknown driver related error. Due to lack of data, no associated factors could be determined for this driver. V2, the Honda Accord, was driven by a 19-year old female, who was not transported for her injuries. She could not be reached for interview. The Critical Precrash Event for V2 was "other vehicle encroachment, from adjacent lane, over right lane line." The Critical Reason for the Critical Event was not coded to this vehicle. Due to lack of data, no associated factors could be determined for this driver.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:


Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Over the lane line on left side of travel lane
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From adjacent lane (same direction) - over right lane line

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Type of driver error unknown
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
