Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This crash took place at the intersection of a two way, three lane undivided roadway and a parking lot exit. Conditions were daylight and dry shortly after noon on a holiday weekend. The bituminous roadway had a posted speed limit of 35mph (56kmph). V1, a 1993 Mazda Protégé, was leaving a parked position and stopped at the driveway exit waiting to make a left turn into southbound traffic. V2, a 1991 Honda Accord Wagon, was traveling north in lane two approaching the parking lot exit. A NCV was also traveling north in lane one, approaching the parking lot entrance preparing to turn into it. The NCV initiated its turn at roughly the same as V1 attempted to enter the trafficway partially obscuring each vehicle's view of one another. As V1 traveled across lane two it was stuck by the front lane of V2. V1 was driven by a 38 year-old female who stated that she was in an argument with her occupant that began as they entered the parked vehicle. She further stated that as she initiated her left turn, she saw the NCV but she did not see V2. She was transported with minor injuries and the vehicle was towed due to damage. The Critical Precrash Event for this vehicle was coded as this vehicle turning, turning left at intersection. The Critical Reason was coded a recognition error, internal distraction as she was fighting with her husband at the time of the crash. An associated factor is a sightline restriction as the turning NCV partially blocked V1 view of oncoming traffic. V2 was driven by a 28 year-old male who was unable to be located for an interview. V2's driver was not injured and drove away from the scene. This vehicle was not located for inspection. The Critical Precrash Event for this vehicle was coded as other vehicle encroachment, from driveway- turning in opposite direction. A critical reason was not coded to this vehicle. A possible associated factor for this vehicle was the sightline restriction caused by the NCV.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Distraction, Driver Stress/Emotion, Roadway, Surveillance present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Roadway present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Stopped in traffic lane
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Turning left at intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From driveway, turning into oppsite direction

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Internal distraction
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
