Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This single-vehicle crash occurred during early evening hours, just after the sun set. The crash happened on a divided, five-lane, level, bituminous roadway on a right curve. There are three lanes for eastbound traffic, two through lanes and one left turn lane. There are two through lanes for westbound traffic. There are black and yellow curve warning arrows that line the median for eastbound traffic. The speed limit is 64 kph (40 mph) and there were no adverse atmospheric conditions present at the time. Vehicle one, a 1996 Toyota Avalon sedan, driven by an eighteen-year-old male with three passengers, was traveling eastbound in lane two, traveling at a high rate of speed. The driver lost control of the vehicle. It traveled to the left and then back to the right. The driver then over-corrected and the vehicle began to rotate counterclockwise. The vehicle crossed all lanes of eastbound traffic and the front right tire struck a curbed median. It continued to rotate counterclockwise and the right rear wheel struck the same median and the vehicle rode up onto the median. The vehicle rolled to the right, two quarter turns. During the rollover, the back of the vehicle struck a tree on the median. Vehicle one came to rest on its roof facing northwest in lane two of westbound traffic. Vehicle one was towed due to damage. The driver was not interviewed. No further information is available for this driver The critical event for vehicle one was coded "this vehicle control loss due to traveling too fast for conditions." Critical reason for the critical event was coded driver related factor "type of driver error unknown."
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Speed/Distance present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Negotiating a curve

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Veh. Control Loss Due To:- Traveling too fast for conditions

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Type of driver error unknown
