Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two vehicle daytime collision occurred just past noon with lunch hour congested traffic. The collision occurred at a four-leg intersection comprised by an east/west roadway and a north/south roadway. The north/south roadway consists of seven lanes with a not physically divided curbed median and a left turn pocket. The east/west roadway consists of three lanes and is undivided with a left turn pocket. Both roadways are asphalt,dry and level. The north leg has a 2% grade leading up to the intersection. All other legs are level. Both roadways are designated 56 kmph (35 mph) zones. Vehicle one (V1) a 1997 Infinity I30 4-door sedan driven by a 54 year-old male was traveling north making a left turn in the left turn pocket. Vehicle two (V2) a 1994 Honda Civic ex 2-door coupe driven by a 18 year-old male with one passenger was traveling south in the number one lane. As V1 attempted its left turn its right front plane was impacted by V2's front plane. V1 came to rest facing southwest in the intersection. V2 came to rest facing south in the intersection. The driver of V1 saw the vehicles in the number 2 and 3 lanes stop for him to make his left turn as traffic on the south side of the roadway was congested. Both vehicles were towed due to damage. The pre-event movement for V1 coded going straight, category this vehicle traveling turning left at intersection. Critical reason driver related factor "Inadequate surveillance". The pre-event movement for V2 coded going straight, category other vehicle encroachment from opposite direction over left lane line. Critical reason not coded to this vehicle. Associative factor for V1 sight line hindered.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision, Distraction, Roadway, Surveillance, Traffic present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Roadway, Traffic present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Turning left at intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From opposite direction - over left lane line

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Inadequate surveillance (e.g., failed to look, looked but did not see)
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
