Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two-vehicle crash occurred in a three-legged intersection. The east/west roadway is level consists of one lane in each direction with a center two-way left turn lane. This roadway curves to the left in the westbound direction. The north/south roadway is on the north side of the east/west roadway and is undivided, level and has one lane in each direction. The southbound lane curves to the right and is controlled by a stop sign at the intersection. The speed limit for these roadways is 80 kmph (50 mph). This crash occurred during daylight hours with no adverse atmospheric conditions. Vehicle one (V1), a 1991 Honda Accord, was stopped southbound at the stop sign. Vehicle two (V2), a 2001 Ford Escape, was westbound in lane one. V1 entered the intersection turning left and the front struck the right side of V2. V2 then rolled over to the left two quarter-turns. V2 was towed due to damage. The driver of V1, a twenty-eight-year-old female, was traveling with two female passengers, from a hospital to her mother's house. This driver was healthy, well rested and comfortable with her vehicle and passengers. She travels this route daily. This driver stated that she looked both directions before she entered the intersection and did not see V2 prior to the crash. The driver of V2, an eighteen-year-old female, was traveling with two female passengers, from a store to a mall. This driver was healthy, well rested and comfortable with her vehicle and passengers. She travels this route daily. This driver stated that she was talking with her passengers and did not see V1 prior to the crash. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded as "this vehicle traveling; turning left at intersection." The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded as "driver related factor; inadequate surveillance (e.g. failed to look, looked but did not see)." The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded as "other vehicle encroachment; from crossing street, turning into opposite direction." The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event for V2 was "not coded to this vehicle." This driver's failure to look to the side ahead was an associated factor in this crash.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Surveillance present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Distraction, Surveillance present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Stopped in traffic lane
 2 ：Negotiating a curve

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Turning left at intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From crossing street, turning into opposite direction

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Inadequate surveillance (e.g., failed to look, looked but did not see)
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
