Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This crash occurred on a weekday night on a rural two lane unlit roadway. The bituminous roadway was dry, level, and began to curve to the left where the vehicle departed the roadway. The roadway had a posted speed limit of 56kmph (35mph). It was dark and cloudy at the time of the crash. V1, a 1989 Toyota Corolla All-Trac was traveling west at an excessive speed, reported to be around 96-113kmph (60-70mph), when it failed to negotiate the upcoming curve and departed the roadway. V1 struck a telephone pole on the side of the road with its front end. V1 than rotated clockwise and came to final rest facing north straddling the centerline of the roadway. V1 was driven by a 20 year-old male who claimed to be in good health but was not wearing his prescription lenses that correct a myopic (near-sighted) condition. On scene, the investigating officer alerted this researcher that a vehicle matching this description was reported to 911 as a possible intoxicated driver. The officer also noted that there was a strong smell of alcohol coming from the driver and vehicle. The driver stated he was going too fast and was unable to make the bend in the road. The driver was transported with non-incapacitating injuries and V1 was towed due to damage. Police accompanied the driver to the hospital for a blood draw, the results are unknown but the driver was charged with driving under the influence of alcohol. The Critical Precrash Event was coded this vehicle traveling, off the edge of the road on the right side. The Critical Reason for the Critical Precrash Event was coded as a driver related factor, a decision error, too fast for the curve. Associated factors for this crash include the presence of alcohol, a possible vision impairment as the driver was not wearing his glasses, and excessive speed.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Aggressive Behavior, Alcohol, Driver Fatigue, Driver Physical, Speed/Distance, Vision, Weather/Environment present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Off the edge of the road on the right side

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Too fast for curve/turn
