Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two-vehicle crash occurred around mid-morning on a clear day. The crash occurred at a traffic signal controlled intersection on a five-lane median divided roadway without a positive barrier. The posted speed limit for this roadway is 89 kmph (55 mph). Vehicle one (V1), a 2004 Chevrolet Aveo, was northbound in lane one approaching the intersection. Vehicle two (V2), a 2004 Nissan Maxima, was stopped in lane one at the traffic signal facing north. The front of V1 struck V2 in the rear. V2 was propelled several meters forward and came to final rest on the shoulder facing northeast. V1 rolled forward and came to final rest partially off the east road edge facing northeast. Both vehicles were towed due to damage and the driver of V2 was transported to a local trauma center with incapacitating injuries. V1 contained one occupant, a 20 year-old female. The driver advised that when she first "looked up" the traffic signal was green. The next time she "looked up" at the signal it had turned red and she did not have the distance to stop in time to avoid the crash. The driver was having problems with the air conditioner on the vehicle but she said it was not a concern. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded as: other motor vehicle in lane, other vehicle stopped. The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event was coded as a driver related factor: internal distraction. V2 contained one occupant, a 23 year-old male. The driver advised that he had been stopped at the traffic signal for 1 to 2 seconds before being struck. The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded: other motor vehicle in lane, traveling in same direction with higher speed. The critical reason was not coded to V2.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Distraction, Surveillance present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Driver Fatigue present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Decelerating in traffic lane

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Other vehicle stopped
 2 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Traveling in same direction with higher speed

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Internal distraction
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
