Case Summary:
1    Case Summary A two vehicle daytime collision occurred at noon. The collision occurred in a busy intersection. Both the north/south direction of travel, and the east/west direction of travel have 6 lanes in each direction. The intersection is controlled by on-colors with pedestrian signals. The pre-crash roadway is level, and straight bituminous paving. The roadway has a posted speed limit of 56 kmph (35 mph). Vehicle one (V1), a 1986 Ford Bronco, driven by a 70 year-old female with one passenger was traveling eastbound on the roadway, crossing through the intersection in lane two. Vehicle two (V2), a 2000 Dodge Durango SUV, driven by a 55 year-old male was traveling northbound crossing through the intersection in lane two. The front of V2 impacted the right side of V1 in the intersection, causing V1 to roll to its left, coming to rest on its roof facing south west. V2 was moved to a nearby service station for final rest. V1 & V2 were towed from the scene. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: this vehicle traveling, crossing over (passing through) intersection. The critical reason for the critical event was attributed to V1 as a driver related factor: other recognition error (specified as: driver thought the right turn arrow that turned green, was her light turning green to proceed straight through the intersection). Inadequate surveillance for failing to check for cross traffic was an associative factor. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: other vehicle encroachment; from crossing, street across path. Critical reason not coded to this vehicle .
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision, Drugs, Surveillance present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Accelerating in traffic lane
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Crossing over (passing through) intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From crossing street, across path

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Other recognition error (specify) :
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
