Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This crash took place at an intersection of two roadways. The east/west roadway was three lanes divided by a grass median; with a left turn lane beginning 25 meters from a signal-controlled intersection. The north/south roadway was three laned undivided. It had just began to rain in the early evening of a weekday. Both roadways had posted speed limits of 48kmph(30mph) V1, a 1993 Toyota Camry, was traveling east in lane two approaching the intersection. V2, a 1997 Honda Accord, was traveling north in lane two approaching the same intersection. V1 and V2 made contact in the intersection. V1 was driven by a 40-year old male who was not injured. The driver stated that he had returned his attention forward from the rearview mirror to notice the signal light change. He attempted to stop but could not. The Critical Precrash Event for V1 was coded this vehicle traveling crossing over (passing through) intersection. The Critical Reason for the Critical Precrash Event was coded inadequate surveillance. V2 was driven by a 30-year old female who was not injured but there was a second occupant transported. Both driver and occupant refused to be interviewed. The Critical Precrash Event for V2 was coded other vehicle encroachment from crossing street, across path. There is no Critical Reason coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision, Distraction, Driver Fatigue, Roadway, Surveillance, Weather/Environment present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Decision, Roadway, Weather/Environment present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Crossing over (passing through) intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From crossing street, across path

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Inadequate surveillance (e.g., failed to look, looked but did not see)
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
