Case Summary:
1    Case Summary The crash occurred in the late afternoon, during daylight hours, on a two-lane, two-way, non-divided city roadway with a posted speed limit of 40 kmph (25 mph). V1 a 1978, Chevy Impala was in the right lane traveling northbound when a legally parked car to his right opened the drivers door. The driver of V1 steered hard to the left to avoid contact with the parked cars door, went off the road to the left, striking a tree, then a chain link fence, then striking a parked full size van pushing the van 15m into a front porch. The vehicle was towed away due to damage. The driver was taken to the hospital with minor to moderate injuries. The driver of V1 a 79 year-old male stated that he was very familiar with this vehicle, and has owned it for a long time. He also stated that it was in excellent working condition. The driver stated that after he swerved that he thinks he hit the gas instead of the brakes, causing him to lose control, he does not remember anything after departing the road. The Critical Precrash Event coded for this vehicle is off the edge of the roadway to the left side. The Critical Reason for this Critical Precrash Event is coded, performance error, poor directional control e.g., failing to control vehicle with skill ordinarily expected due to the drivers mistaking the gas pedal for the brake pedal. Upon inspection of the vehicle it was not found that there were any malfunctions in the foot controls. There are no associative factors coded for this vehicle since the driver stated he was familiar and comfortable in the operations of the vehicle, and the vehicle was in good working condition.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Driver Performance, Drugs present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Off the edge of the road on the left side

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Poor directional control (e.g., failing to control vehicle with skill ordinarily expected)
