Case Summary:
1    Case Summary The crash occurred at the intersection of a two-way, two lane, undivided roadway and a two-way, four lane, undivided roadway Both roads were dry, traveled, level concrete. The posted speed limit east/west is 48 kmph (30 mph). and 56 kmph (35 mph) for north/south. Traffic was light at the time of the crash. There were no adverse weather conditions. The crash time was 1105 in the morning on a sunny, clear day. V 1 a 1996 Buick Park Avenue driven by a 77 year-old female was eastbound in the first travel lane. V 2 a 2005 Lexus RX330 driven by a 59 year-old female was northbound in the second travel lane. V 1 entered the intersection without the right of way and was struck on the right side by the front of V 2. V 1 rotated counterclockwise and was struck on the right side by the left side of V 2. V 1 departed the roadway and was struck on the left side by a traffic sign. V 1 came to rest facing east, off the roadway on the northeast corner. V 2 rotated clockwise and was struck on the left side by the right side of V 1. V 2 came to rest in the intersection facing southwest. Both vehicle's were towed from the scene, no reported injuries. The pre- event movement for V 1 coded going straight, category this vehicle traveling, crossing over passing through intersection. The critical reason driver related factor "Illegal maneuver" (failed to stop for stop sign). The pre- event movement for V 2 coded going straight, category other vehicle encroachment from crossing street across path. The critical reason not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision, Driver Performance present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Decision, Drugs present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Crossing over (passing through) intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From crossing street, across path

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Illegal maneuver
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
