Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This three-vehicle crash occurred in a four-legged, traffic signal-controlled intersection. The eastbound approach is an undivided, level, straight roadway, with three lanes in each direction. The roadway east of the intersection is level, straight and divided by a curbed median. There are three westbound lanes. The speed limit on this roadway is 56 kmph (35 mph). The northbound approach is one-way, three-lane and has a downhill grade. The speed limit on this roadway is 64 kmph (40 mph). It was dark with street lights on at the time of the crash, the roadways were wet but there were no adverse atmospheric conditions. Vehicle one (V1), a 2005 Dodge Ram pickup, was eastbound in lane two. Vehicle two (V2), a 1995 Toyota Corolla, was northbound in lane two. Vehicle three (V3), a 2004 Chevrolet Trailblazer, was stopped westbound in lane three. V1 and V2 entered the intersection. The front of V2 struck the right side of V1. V1 rotated clockwise and the back left side struck the concrete base of a sign on the westbound median. Debris from this impact struck the left side of V3. V1 and V2 were towed due to damage. The driver of V1, a twenty-five-year-old male, was traveling from a store to his workplace. He was healthy, well rested and familiar with his vehicle. He drives this route daily. This driver stated that he thought his signal was green when he entered the intersection. The driver of V2, a eighteen-year-old male, was traveling from a friend's home to his home. He was well rested, healthy and comfortable with his vehicle. He travels on this roadway daily. The driver of V3, a forty-seven-year-old male, was not interviewed. No further information is available for this driver. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded as "this vehicle traveling; crossing over (passing through) intersection." The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded as "driver related factor; inadequate surveillance (e.g. failed to look, looked but did not see)." The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded as "other vehicle encroachment; from crossing street, across path." The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event for V2 was "not coded to this vehicle." The critical pre-crash event for V3 was coded as "other; not involved first harmful event." The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event for V3 was "not coded to this vehicle."
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision, Roadway, Surveillance present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Roadway, Surveillance present problem 
Vehicle 3:  Roadway present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Negotiating a curve
 3 ：Stopped in traffic lane

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Crossing over (passing through) intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From crossing street, across path
 3 ：Other- Not involved first harmful event

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Inadequate surveillance (e.g., failed to look, looked but did not see)
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
 3 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
