Case Summary:
1    Case Summary The crash occurred at 1544 between a passenger car and a cargo van at the intersection of a two-way, three lane (five overall), divided roadway without a positive barrier and and a two-way, four lane, undivided roadway . Both roads were dry, traveled, level asphalt. The posted speed limit is 48 kmph (30 mph). There were no adverse weather conditions. V 1 a 2002 Honda Accord driven by a 49 year-old male was northbound in the second travel lane. V 2 a 1998 Chevrolet Express van driven by a 50 year-old male was westbound in the first travel lane. V 1 entered the intersection without the right of way and was struck on the right side by the front of V 2. V 1 rotated clockwise and was struck on the right side by the right side of V 2. V 1 came to rest facing east, off the roadway on the northwest corner. V 2 continued westbound and was struck on the right side by the right side of V 1. V 2 came to rest facing west in the westbound lanes west of the intersection. Both vehicles were towed from the scene, driver of V 1 was transported to a local medical facility. The pre-event movement for V 1 coded going straight, category this vehicle traveling crossing over passing through intersection. Critical reason driver related factor "type of driver error unknown" no interview witness stated to police V 1 didn't stop for red light. The pre-event movement for V 2 coded stopped in traffic lane, category other vehicle encroachment from crossing street across path. Critical reason not coded to this vehicle. Mention of a gravel truck stopped in traffic lane possibly causing view obstruction.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 2:  Decision, Drugs, Roadway present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Stopped in traffic lane

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Crossing over (passing through) intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From crossing street, across path

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Type of driver error unknown
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
