Case Summary:
1    Case Summary The crash occurred in the intersection of a one-way, westbound roadway (one lane controlled by a stop sign) and a two-way, north/south roadway (one lane in each direction). Both roadways were bituminous, dry, straight, and level, with a speed limit of 48kmph (30 mph). On this weekend afternoon, the traffic flow was normal and there were no adverse atmospheric conditions. V1, a 1993 Lincoln Town Car four door with three occupants, was southbound approaching the intersection where it intended to go straight. V2, a 1997 Ford Explorer with one occupant, was westbound approaching the same intersection where it also intended to go straight. As V1 entered the intersection, the front of V2 impacted its left side. Both vehicles came to final rest in the intersection. V1 was driven by a 38-year-old male who sustained minor injuries and was transported to a medical facility. The two passengers also sustained minor injuries and were also transported to a medical facility. The driver declined to participate in the study, but he reported to the Police that the driver of V2 failed to stop at the stop sign. V1 was towed due to damage. The Critical Precrash Event for V1 was coded other motor vehicle encroachment, from crossing street, across path. The Critical Reason for the Critical Event was not coded to the driver. There were no known associated factors that could be coded to V1. V2 was driven by a 27-year-old female who sustained minor injuries and was transported to a medical facility. The driver declined to participate in the study. The Ford could be driven from the scene. The Critical Precrash Event for V1 was coded this vehicle traveling, crossing over (passing through) intersection. The Critical Reason for the Critical Event was coded as an unknown driver error. The only associated factor that could be coded was an illegal maneuver as V2 ran the stop sign.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 2:  Decision present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From crossing street, across path
 2 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Crossing over (passing through) intersection

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
 2 ：Driver Related Factor- Type of driver error unknown
