Case Summary:
1    Case Summary V1, a 2005 Chevrolet Trailblazer was traveling northbound on a 5 lane, two-way dry asphalt roadway, intending to go straight. V2, a 2001 Pontiac Montana was also traveling north on the same road. V2 was stopped at the light and had just started to proceed when the front of V1 contacted the back of V2. V1 came to final rest in the roadway. V2 departed the roadway on the right side after impact and came to final rest off the roadway. . The driver of V1 was a 59-year old male who had reported that he had been traveling between 50-64Kmph (31-40Mph) prior to the crash. He had reported a history of Parkinson's and had taken several medications prior to the crash. He was wearing his prescribed lenses that corrected astigmatism and a myopic (near-sighted) condition. He stated that he was rested and running an errand. He sustained minor injuries and was transported to a local trauma facility. V1 was towed due to damage. The Critical Precrash Event for the driver of V1 was other motor vehicle in lane, other vehicle stopped. The Critical Reason for the Critical Precrash Event was a driver related error, heart attack or other physical impairment of the ability to act because he stated that he had passed out prior to the crash. An associated factor for this crash was the driver's medications as it's listed side effects included causing drowsiness and fainting. The driver of V2 was a 68-year old male who had reported that he had been traveling between stopped prior to the impact. He had a history of Diabetes and had taken Insulin prior to the crash. He was rested and traveling to the mall. He was wearing his prescribed lenses that corrected a hyperopic (near-sighted) condition. He sustained minor injuries and was transported to a local trauma facility. V2 was towed due to damage. The Critical Precrash Event for the driver of V2 was other motor vehicle in lane, traveling in same direction with higher speed. The Critical Reason for the Critical Precrash Event was not coded to the driver of V2 and he was not thought to have contributed to the crash.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Driver Physical, Drugs present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Distraction, Driver Physical, Drugs present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Other vehicle stopped
 2 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Traveling in same direction with higher speed

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Heart attack or other physical impairment of the ability to act
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
