Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two-vehicle crash occurred during early morning hours on a straight, bituminous, eight-lane, divided roadway at a four-leg intersection. The roadway runs north and south at this location. Northbound traffic, south of the intersection, consists of three through lanes and two left turn lanes. Southbound traffic, north of the intersection, consists of three through lanes and two left turn lanes. There are on-color traffic signals on all four legs of the intersection with pedestrian signals. The speed limit is 64 kmph (40 mph) and there was a light drizzle coming down and the roadway was wet. Vehicle one (V1), a 2005 Chevrolet Cavalier sedan driven by a 31 year-old female with one passenger, was traveling south in lane five, the inside left turn lane. Vehicle two (V2), a 2004 Volvo XC70 station wagon driven by a 50 year-old female, was traveling north in lane two, Both vehicles entered the intersection, V1 intending to turn left and V2 intending to go straight. The right side of V1 contacted the front of V2. V1 rotated clockwise and came to rest in the intersection facing southwest. V2 came to a controlled final rest north of the intersection in northbound lane one. V1 was towed from the scene, The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: this vehicle traveling, turning left at intersection. The critical reason for the critical event was attributed to V1 as a driver related factor: inadequate surveillance (e.g., failed to look, looked but did not see). The driver was in a rental vehicle and was on a road that he had only driven once before. He was on his way from his hotel to a business meeting. The driver was traveling at a constant velocity and did not stop to yield the right of way to V2. He did not see V2 prior to making his left turn. The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded: other vehicle encroachment; from opposite direction - over left lane line. The critical reason was not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Distraction, Driver Inexperience, Roadway, Surveillance, Weather/Environment present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Drugs, Roadway, Weather/Environment present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Turning left at intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From opposite direction - over left lane line

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Inadequate surveillance (e.g., failed to look, looked but did not see)
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
