Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two-vehicle crash occurred in a three-legged intersection. The east/west trafficway is level and divided by a grass median. The westbound lanes consist of two through lanes, a right turn lane and a left turn lane and are curved to the right (the radius of curvature is 173 meters and the superelevation is three percent). The speed limit for this roadway is 89 kmph (55 mph). The north/south roadway is on the north side of the east/west roadway. This roadway is straight, level, divided by a curbed median and consists of one lane in each direction. The southbound lane is controlled by a stop sign. The speed limit for this roadway is 40 kmph (25 mph). This crash occurred during daylight hours with no adverse atmospheric conditions. Vehicle one (V1), a 1995 Kia Aspire, was southbound in lane one. Vehicle two (V2), a 2005 Chevrolet Cobalt, was westbound in lane two. V1 entered the intersection, turning left, and the left side was struck by the front of V2. Both vehicles were towed due to damage. The driver of V1, a twenty-seven-year-old male, was traveling with a thirty-year-old male passenger. This driver was not interviewed; no further information is available for this driver. The driver of V2, a thirty-three-year-old female, was on her way home from work. She was healthy, well rested and familiar with her vehicle. She travels this route daily. This driver was eating/drinking prior to the crash. She stated that she never saw V1 prior to the crash. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded as "this vehicle traveling; turning left at intersection." The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded as "driver related factor; type of driver error unknown." The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded as "other vehicle encroachment; from crossing street, turning in opposite direction." The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event for V2 was "not coded to this vehicle." This driver's failure to look ahead to the side and her eating/drinking were associated factor in this crash.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 2:  Distraction, Surveillance present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Negotiating a curve

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Turning left at intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From crossing street, turning into opposite direction

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Type of driver error unknown
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
