Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two-vehicle crash occurred on a five-lane roadway. This road is straight with an upgrade. This crash occurred just on the other side of an intersection. Just ahead of the crash is a driveway to a restaurant. The posted speed limit is 48 kmph (30 mph). The intersection is four legged with a standard three-color stoplight. This crash occurred during darkness with street lighting and good weather. Vehicle one (V1), a 2000 Dodge Neon was eastbound passing through the intersection behind vehicle two (V2) in the first lane. V2, a 1985 Ford pickup was eastbound in the first lane and had just crossed thru the intersection when a non-contact vehicle slowed and turned right off this roadway into the restaurant parking lot. The front of V1 impacted the rear of V2. V1 was towed due to damage. V2 was not towed due to damage. The driver of V1, a sixteen-year-old female, was heading to a gas station to get gas at the time of the crash. This driver had been driving for about fifteen minutes. She stated that she had just looked into the left rear view side mirror to check traffic from behind and when she looked forward V2 had slowed to almost a complete stop. This driver was also involved in a social conversation with the passenger. The driver of V2, a thirty-four year old female was not interviewed. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: other motor vehicle in lane, traveling in same direction while decelerating. The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event was attributed to V1 and was coded as a driver related factor: external distraction. The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded: other motor vehicle in lane, traveling in same direction with higher speed. The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event was not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision, Distraction, Driver Inexperience present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Accelerating in traffic lane
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Traveling in same direction while decelerating
 2 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Traveling in same direction with higher speed

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- External distraction
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
