Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This crash took place during the early afternoon of a weekday, on a fully controlled limited access highway. The highway consisted of four bituminous dry, straight, and level lanes that had a posted speed limit of 89kmph (55 mph). There were no adverse atmospheric conditions as the weather was clear and sunny. V1, a 1999 Nissan Altima, was northbound traveling in lane three. V2, a 2001 Toyota Highlaner, was also northbound, but in lane two slightly behind V1. For unknown reasons, V1 began to depart its lane to the right. As V1 moved into lane two its right side made contact with the left side of V2. V1 then continued to travel across all travel lanes and the oversized shoulder before departing the roadway to the right. V1 then traveled partially up a small embankment before rolling one-quarter turn to its left and coming to final rest on the roadside on its left side. After the initial impact V2 was redirected from the initial contact point departed the roadway to the right and striking a guardrail before coming to final rest. V1 was driven by a 34 year-old female who refused to be interviewed and participate in this study. The driver suffered non-incapacitating injuries however she refused to be transported from the scene. V1 was towed due to damage. The Critical Precrash Event for V1 was coded this vehicle traveling, over the lane line right side of travel lane. The Critical Reason was coded as an unknown type of driver error. There are no known associated factors for this crash, as the driver refused to be interviewed. V2 contained a 25 year-old female driver and a 26 year-old male occupant in the right front seat, both of which refused to be interviewed. Both driver and passenger with transported for treatment of non-incapacitating and minor injuries respectively. V2 was towed due to damage. The Critical Precrash Event for V2 was coded other vehicle encroachment from adjacent lane (same direction) - over left lane line. The Critical Reason was not coded to this vehicle. There are no known associated factors coded to V2 and it was not thought to have contributed to the crash.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 2:  Driver Physical, Drugs present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Over the lane line on right side of travel lane
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From adjacent lane (same direction) - over left lane line

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Type of driver error unknown
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
