Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two vehicle crash occurred shortly before noon during daylight hours on a five lane divided concrete roadway. There were two southbound lanes and three northbound lanes with a raised curbed median that separated the two directions of travel. The road surface was dry and free from defects. The posted speed limit 64 kmph (40 mph). Vehicle one (V1) a 1991 Oldsmobile 88 sedan driven by a 55 year-old female, was southbound in the number two travel lane. Vehicle two (V2), a 1997 Dodge Dakota 4x4 white pickup driven by a 38 year-old male, was traveling north in the second lane. V1 departed the roadway to the left and impacted a breakaway pole with her front plane. The pole then impacted the roof of V1. V2 was traveling about 48-56 kmph (30-35 mph) when he noticed V1 going the wrong way in front of him and abruptly change lanes to the left into his travel lane. The driver of V2 observed V1 heading straight at him in the second lane. With vehicles on both sides of V2, the driver had no choice but to stop and wait for the impact. V2 was struck on the right front bumper corner, sustaining minor damage to the bumper and right fender. V1 impacted with V2 about 42 meters (132 feet) after the impact with the sign. V1 came to final rest facing south in-between lanes 1 and 2 of the northbound lanes. V1 was towed from the scene. The driver of V1 had a diabetic diabetic seizure while driving. The driver blacked out shortly after leaving work and drove about 3.2 kilometers (2 miles). V1 departed the left side of the roadway, impacted the pole & crossed the median traveling into the oncoming travel lane. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: this vehicle traveling, off the edge of the road on the left side. The critical reason for the critical event was attributed to V1 and coded as a driver related factor: heart attack or other physical impairment of the ability to act. This was due to the diabetic seizure the driver experienced while driving. V2 was not involved in the first harmful event of this crash. The critical reason was not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Driver Fatigue, Driver Physical, Drugs present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Drugs, Roadway, Surveillance present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Off the edge of the road on the left side
 2 ：Other- Not involved first harmful event

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Heart attack or other physical impairment of the ability to act
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
