Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This 2-vehicle crash occurred within a "T" type intersection in a rural area during daylight hours while raining. The straight three-lane east/westbound roadway included a center left turn lane and was on a slight downhill grade for westbound traffic. The straight two-lane north/southbound roadway was on a steeper downhill grade for southbound traffic and was controlled by a stop sign. Both roadways were asphalt constructed and wet at the time of the crash. The speed limit for the through roadway was 80 kph (50 mph). Vehicle one (V1), a 2003 Oldsmobile Alero sedan driven by a 20 year-old female with one passenger was traveling southbound beginning a left hand turn (eastbound). Vehicle two (V2), a 1995 Chevrolet K-1500 pickup driven by a 66 year-old male was traveling westbound in the #1 lane when the driver saw V1 beginning to pull out from the side street. The driver of V2 tapped on his brakes and steered left slightly but could not avoid V1 because of oncoming traffic. The front of V2 struck the front of V1. At impact, V1 rotated clockwise and came to rest facing north off the right side of the traffic lane in the intersection. V2 came to rest in the center turn lane facing north. V1 was towed due to damage. V2 was driven from the scene after the flat tire was changed. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: this vehicle traveling; turning left at intersection. The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event was coded to V1 as a driver related factor: inadequate surveillance (e.g., failed to look, looked but did not see). The driver was not aware of V2's presence until she had already entered the intersection. The driver was inattentive due to thinking about financial problems. An illegal maneuver was coded as an associative factor due to ignoring the traffic control. This driver slowed to approximately 5 mph before entering the intersection and attempting a left turn. If she had stopped at the stop sign she may have detected V2 before entering the intersection. The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded: other vehicle encroachment; from crossing street, turning into opposite direction. The critical reason was not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision, Distraction, Driver Inexperience, Surveillance, Weather/Environment present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Distraction, Weather/Environment present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Accelerating in traffic lane
 2 ：Decelerating in traffic lane

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Turning left at intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From crossing street, turning into opposite direction

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Inadequate surveillance (e.g., failed to look, looked but did not see)
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
