Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two-vehicle crash occurred in a four-leg, traffic signal-controlled intersection. Both roadways are divided, straight and have a speed limit of 72 kmph (45 mph). The westbound approach lanes are downhill and consist of three through lanes and a left turn lane. The southbound approach lanes are level and consist of two through lanes. It was dark and raining at the time of the crash. Vehicle one (V1), a 2004 Mack truck, was westbound in lane two. Vehicle two (V2), a 2000 Toyota Celica, was southbound in lane two, intending to turn left at the intersection. The signal for southbound traffic turned green and V2 entered the intersection. The driver of V1 applied the brakes and steered left, but slid into the intersection. The left side of V2 was struck by the front of V1. The vehicles rotated and the right side of V1 struck the left side of V2. V2 was towed due to damage. The driver of V1, a fifty-one-year-old male, was traveling from a job site back to work. He was well rested, healthy and familiar with his vehicle. He had been driving commercial trucks for twenty years. This driver travels on this roadway daily. He did not realize that the light turned green until it was too late to avoid a collision. The driver of V2, a twenty-four-year-old female, was not interviewed. No information is available for this driver. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded as "this vehicle traveling; crossing over (passing through) intersection." The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded as "driver related factor; inadequate surveillance (e.g. failed to look, looked but did not see)." The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded as "other vehicle encroachment; from crossing street, across path." The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event was not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision, Roadway, Surveillance, Weather/Environment present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Roadway, Weather/Environment present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Stopped in traffic lane

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Crossing over (passing through) intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From crossing street, across path

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Inadequate surveillance (e.g., failed to look, looked but did not see)
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
