Case Summary:
1    Case Summary The crash occurred at an intersection. The north/south roadway was a two-way, five-lane undivided roadway. The east/west roadway was a two-way, two-lane undivided street controlled by a stop sign. These were straight, level, asphalt roads. The posted speed for north/south traffic was 64 kmph (40 mph). The posted speed for east/west traffic was 48 kmph (30 mph). Conditions were daylight on a weekday afternoon with dry roads and clear skies. Traffic flow was congested. V1, a 1995 Mazda Protégé, was traveling westbound in lane one. V2, a 2005 GMC Canyon pickup truck, was traveling northbound in lane two. V3, a 1999 Plymouth Breeze, was traveling southbound in lane two. All three vehicles were approaching the same intersection. A traffic light just north of the intersection caused traffic in northbound lane one to be backed up all the way to the intersection. V1 attempted to turn left through an opening left by the stopped vehicles. As V1 entered the intersection, the front of V1 made contact with the right side of V2. V2 then traveled northwest, into oncoming traffic. The front of V2 collided head-on with V3. The driver of V1 fled the scene. Approximately ten to fifteen minutes after the crash, V3's engine compartment caught fire and V3 was completely burned. The driver and two passengers of V3 were transported due to injury. All three vehicles were towed due to damage. The driver of V1 could not be located for interview. The Critical Precrash Event for V1 was coded as this vehicle traveling, turning left at intersection. The Critical Reason for the Critical Event was a decision error, turned with obstructed view. The driver could not see the moving traffic in lanes beyond the stopped vehicle and assumed it was clear. An associated factor for this driver was highway related, the congestion of vehicles created a sight line restriction for the driver. The driver of V2 declined to be interviewed. The Critical Precrash Event for V2 was "other vehicle encroachment, from crossing street, turning into opposite direction". The Critical Reason for the Critical Event was not coded to this vehicle. An associated factor for this driver was highway related, the congestion of vehicles created a sight line restriction for the driver. The police department did not want the driver of V3, a police officer, to be interviewed. V3 was not involved in the first harmful event. There were no associated factors coded for this driver. She was not thought to have contributed to the crash.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision, Roadway, Traffic present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Drugs, Roadway, Surveillance, Traffic present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Going straight
 3 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Turning left at intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From crossing street, turning into opposite direction
 3 ：Other- Not involved first harmful event

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Turned with obstructed view
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
 3 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
