Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This crash occurred just past noon involving two passenger cars at an intersection without traffic lights. The speed limit for the roadway is 48 kmph (30 mph). The road is a 2-lane divided (no positive barrier) asphalt roadway from north to south. It is a 2-lane two way roadway from east to west. The two lane road had a 4.9 % up hill slope and a right curvature prior to the intersection of both roadways. The east -west roadway had a stop sign in both directions. The surface was dry and there were no detrimental atmospheric conditions at the time of the crash. Vehicle one (V1), a 1991 Toyota Tercel (unknown driver) was traveling west in the first lane, crossing through the intersection. Vehicle two (V2), a 1992 Chevrolet Lumina, driven by a 52 year-old female was traveling south in the first lane. The front of V1 impacted the left side of V2. V2 rotated counter clockwise and continued south. V2 right rear wheel broke off during the vehicle post collision trajectory. The vehicle departed the road to the east side of the roadway, coming to rest on a grass field, facing east. V1 rotated counter clockwise after the impact, and moved through the intersection into the oncoming lanes of traffic. It came to rest partially on the south curb of the eastbound lanes, partially in lane 1, facing southwest. The driver of V2 complaint of some pain in her knees, but was treated at the scene. The driver of V1 left the scene unidentified prior to the arrival of EMS and Police. Both vehicles were towed from the scene. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: this vehicle traveling, crossing over (passing through) intersection. The critical reason for the critical event was coded to V1 as a driver related factor: type of driver error unknown. All indications lean to V1 not stopping for the stop sign. The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded: other vehicle encroachment; from crossing street, across path. The critical reason was not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Drugs present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Crossing over (passing through) intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From crossing street, across path

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Type of driver error unknown
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
