Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two-vehicle crash occurred on a two-lane roadway during daylight hours with no adverse atmospheric conditions. The northbound lane is straight and has a 5% upgrade. The southbound lane is curved right (radius of curvature is 375 meters) and level. This crash occurred in a no-passing zone, indicated by double yellow center lines. The speed limit on this roadway is 56 kmph (35 mph). Vehicle one (V1), a 1990 Ford Ranger, was southbound and vehicle two (V2), a 1991 Honda Accord, was northbound. V1 traveled into the opposing traffic lane to pass a vehicle. The driver of V2 noticed V1 and applied the brakes and steered right. The front of V1 struck the left side of V2. V2 traveled off the right side of the roadway and the front struck a tree. The driver of V1, a twenty-eight-year-old male, left the scene of the crash and could not be located for an interview. The driver of V2, a twenty-four-year-old female, was traveling from her home to another town. She was healthy and familiar with her vehicle. This driver travels this route daily. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded as "this vehicle traveling; over the lane line on left side of travel lane." The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded as "driver related factor; illegal maneuver." Speed was an associated factor. The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded as "other vehicle encroachment; from opposite direction - over left lane line." The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event for V2 was "not coded to this vehicle."
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Aggressive Behavior, Decision, Speed/Distance present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Decision, Driver Stress/Emotion present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Negotiating a curve
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Over the lane line on left side of travel lane
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From opposite direction - over left lane line

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Illegal maneuver
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
