Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two vehicle crash occurred during early morning daylight hours at an intersection comprised of a six lanes a north/south and five lanes west/east. Road surface was level asphalt. Traffic flow was governed by tri-light signals. Both roadways were wet due to mist. They were free of congestion and sight restrictions at the time of the collision. The posted speed limit is 56 kmph (35 mph). Vehicle one (V1), a 1993 Honda Accord sedan driven by an unknown age male, was traveling eastbound in the number three lane. Vehicle two (V2), a 1993 Honda Civic coupe driven by a 28 year-old male with one passenger, was traveling westbound in the number one lane. V1 attempted a left turn at the intersection and the front plane of V1 contacted the front plane of V2 that was crossing through the intersection. After the impact V1 came to rest facing southwest blocking the westbound number two lane and eastbound left turn pocket. V2 came to rest facing northwest blocking the southbound number one lane. V1 and V2 were towed with major damage. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: this vehicle traveling, turning left at intersection. The critical reason for the critical event was coded as a driver related factor: type of driver error unknown. There was no interview with driver of V1, who fled from the scene of the crash. The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded: other vehicle encroachment, from opposite direction- over left lane line. The critical reason was not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 2:  Distraction, Driver Fatigue present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Stopped in traffic lane
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Turning left at intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From opposite direction - over left lane line

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Type of driver error unknown
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
