Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two-vehicle crash occurred early evening during daylight hours, on a two-way, east/west Street with a driveway on the south side of the street. There are two lanes going into each direction of the lane separated by a painted two way left turn lane. The road surface is asphalt and runs straight and level; there are no deficiencies noted, and there was heavy rush hour congestion. There are no control devices and the speed limit is 48 kmph (30 mph), and the weather was clear. Vehicle one (V1), a 2005 Volkswagen Passat sedan, driven by a 79 year-old male with one passenger, was traveling westbound in the second lane. Vehicle two (V2), a 1990 Chevrolet Lumina sedan, driven by a 19 year-old female, was traveling eastbound. V1 attempted to turn left into the driveway by going through the traffic that was stopped due to rush hour conditions. V2 was traveling eastbound in the parking lane/shoulder at an unknown speed. The front of V2 struck the right side of V1. V1 was towed due to damage. The driver of V1 has been driving for over sixty years and takes the medication Lipitor. He was having a conversation with the passenger prior to the crash. He initiated his turn when the congested traffic obstructed his view of V2. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: this vehicle traveling, turning left at intersection. The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event was coded as a driver related factor: turned with obstructed view. The driver of V2 refused to answer any questions and also refused to have her vehicle inspected. V2 was traveling illegally on the shoulder passing the congested traffic. The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded: other vehicle encroachment, from opposite direction over left lane line. The critical reason was not coded to this vehicle. The congested traffic caused a sight line problem for both drivers. The driver of V2 was driving illegally in the parking lane, passing vehicles on the right while going straight.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision, Distraction, Drugs, Roadway, Surveillance, Traffic present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Decision, Roadway, Speed/Distance, Surveillance, Traffic present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Accelerating in traffic lane
 2 ：Passing or overtaking another vehicle

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Turning left at intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From opposite direction - over left lane line

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Turned with obstructed view
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
