Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This three-vehicle crash occurred just before noon hours on a dry, undivided, bituminous, straight, state highway. It occurred near a private driveway entrance on the west side of the road. The highway runs north and south and consists of two lanes, one through lane in each direction. The posted speed limit is 88 kmph (55 mph).There are no traffic control devices at the scene and there were no adverse atmospheric conditions present at the time. Vehicle one (V1), a 1993 Ford Ranger pickup, was traveling north in lane one. Vehicle two (V2), a 1997 Honda Civic, was stopped in lane one in front of vehicle one. Vehicle three (V3), a 2000 Chevrolet Suburban, was also in lane one, stopped behind a non-contact vehicle that was waiting for traffic to clear southbound to make a left hand turn. Vehicle one failed to stop and the front struck the back of vehicle two. Vehicle two was pushed into vehicle three and the front struck the back of vehicle three. After impact, vehicle three came to a controlled final rest on the east shoulder facing north. Vehicle two came to rest at impact with vehicle three facing north. Vehicle one continued and traveled off the road. It came to rest on the dirt shoulder facing northeast. Vehicle one and two were towed due to damage. Vehicle three was driven from the scene. V1 was driven by a sixteen-year-old male who was not interviewed. No further information is available for this driver. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: other motor vehicle in lane, other vehicle stopped. The critical reason for the critical event was coded to V1 as a driver related factor: type of driver error unknown. No interview was obtained with this driver. The critical precrash event for V2 was coded: other motor vehicle in lane, traveling in same direction with higher speed. The critical reason was not coded to this vehicle. V3 was not involved in first harmful event. The critical reason was not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Cell Phone Use, Distraction present problem 
Vehicle 3:  Driver Inexperience, Drugs present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Stopped in traffic lane
 3 ：Stopped in traffic lane

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Other vehicle stopped
 2 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Traveling in same direction with higher speed
 3 ：Other- Not involved first harmful event

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Type of driver error unknown
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
 3 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
