Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This single-vehicle crash occurred in the early afternoon of a weekend in the southeast corner of a 4-way intersection. The intersection consisted of four multi-lane roadways controlled by a properly functioning traffic signal. The main thoroughfare is a 2-lane divided roadway that expands to 4 lanes at the intersection because of its right and left-turn lanes. The roadway has a posted speed limit of 72 kmph (45 mph) and is curved to the left as it approaches the location of this crash. The weather condition was cloudy, dry and daylight. V1, a 1994 Ford Explorer XL with three occupants, was northbound in lane 2 approaching this intersection where it intended to go straight. The traffic signal for V1 turned red as it approached the intersection and its driver slammed on its brakes, which caused him to lose control of his vehicle. V1 rolled toward the left (2-quarter turns) and came to final rest on its roof. The driver was transported from the scene to a trauma center where he was treated and released for minor injuries. The driver of V1 is a 34-year-old male that was driving with two of his friends as they were visiting auto parts stores. They were discussing their vehicles as they approached this intersection and the driver failed to notice the traffic signal change from green to red. This driver said that he slammed on his brakes to avoid entering the intersection and causing a "worse" collision but when his brakes locked-up he lost control of his vehicle and it rolled over. The Critical Precrash Event for this vehicle was coded: this vehicle decelerating. The Critical Reason for the Critical Event was coded: internal distraction. Associated factors coded include conversing with passenger, failed to look far enough ahead, and combination of insufficient steering and braking.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision, Distraction, Driver Performance, Surveillance, Vehicle present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- This vehicle decelerating

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Poor directional control (e.g., failing to control vehicle with skill ordinarily expected)
