Case Summary:
1    Case Summary The crash occurred at an intersection in the eastbound lane of a five-lane urban roadway with a center turn lane. The roadway had a posted speed limit of 64 kmph (40 mph) and a 1% uphill grade in the northbound direction approaching a stop sign. The grade was level for the eastbound approach, which was uncontrolled. Conditions were dark but lighted and dry with clear skies. The setting was early evening hours on a weekday. Vehicle one was a 1998 Chevrolet Astro van stopped facing north in lane two at a stop sign waiting to turn left. Vehicle two was a 1997 Honda Accord sedan traveling eastbound in lane two. Both vehicles proceeded into the intersection. The left plane of v1 was impacted by the front plane of v2. V1 traveled off the north leg of the intersection before coming to rest. V2 came to rest in the intersection. The Chevrolet Astro Van (v1) was driven by a 32-year old female who was transported to a local trauma center with possible injuries. She was unable to be located for an interview. The Chevrolet van was towed, but not due to police-reported damage. The Critical Precrash Event for v1 was this vehicle traveling turning left at an intersection. The Critical Reason was unknown. This vehicle had inadequate tread depth on the RF and RR tires. The driver's license was revoked at the time of the crash. The Honda Accord (v2) was driven by a 22-year old female who was also transported to a local trauma center. She refused to be interviewed. The investigating officer estimated her travel and impact speeds to be 32 kmph (20 mph) and 24 kmph (15 mph). Her Honda sedan was towed due to police-reported damage. The Critical Precrash Event for v2 was other vehicle encroachment from a crossing street turning into the opposite direction. No Critical Reason was coded to this vehicle. No other associated factors could be coded.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Vehicle present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Stopped in traffic lane
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Turning left at intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From crossing street, turning into opposite direction

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Unknown Reason - Unknown reason for critical event
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
