Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two-vehicle crash occurred on an undivided, straight, two-lane roadway. This roadway has an uphill grade in the southbound direction. The speed limit for this roadway is 89 kmph (55 mph). This crash occurred during daylight hours with no adverse atmospheric conditions. Vehicle one (V1), a 1994 Ford Ranger pickup with an All-Terrain Vehicle in the bed, was southbound in lane one. Vehicle two (V2), a 2003 Ford Taurus, was southbound in lane one in front of V1. A deer crossed the road and V2 slowed down to avoid it. The front of V1 struck the back of V2. V2 was towed due to damage. The driver of V1, a forty-nine-year-old male, had left his home to go on vacation and had driven 129 km (80 miles) at the time of the crash. He was healthy, well rested and comfortable with his vehicle and cargo. This driver stated that he was watching the deer and applied the brakes (skidding longitudinally) when he realized that V2 had slowed for the deer. The driver of V2, a fifty-eight-year-old female, was not interviewed. No further information is available for this driver. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded as "other motor vehicle in lane; traveling in same direction while decelerating." The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded as "driver related factor; external distraction." The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded as "this vehicle traveling; this vehicle decelerating." The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event for V2 was "not coded to this vehicle."
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Distraction present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Traveling in same direction while decelerating
 2 ：This Vehicle Traveling- This vehicle decelerating

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- External distraction
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
