Case Summary:
1    Case Summary The crash occurred at 1230 hours at the intersection of a two-way, four lane (seven overall), divided roadway without a positive barrier, and a two-way, four lane (seven overall), divided roadway without a positive barrier. Traffic lights controlled traffic flow. Both roads were dry, traveled, level concrete. The posted speed limit is 56kmph (35 mph). Traffic was light at the time of the accident. There were no adverse weather conditions. There were three vehicles involved in the crash, a pick-up truck, SUV and a passenger car. V 1 a 2000 Ford F-150 driven by a 23 year-old male was northbound in the third travel lane. V 2 a 2002 Ford Expedition driven by a 35 year-old female with two passengers was eastbound in the second travel lane. V 3 a 2000 Volkswagen Jetta driven by a 20 year-old female was eastbound in the third travel lane. V 1 entered the intersection without the right of way and it's front struck the right side of V 2. V 1 rotated clockwise and it's front struck the right side of V 3. V 1 came to rest facing northeast in the intersection. V 2 rotated clockwise and it's right side struck a traffic light on the east median. V 2 came to rest facing northeast partially on the east median. V 3 rotated clockwise and came to rest in the westbound lanes west. The pre-crash movement for V 1 coded going straight, category this vehicle traveling crossing over passing through intersection. The critical reason vehicle related factor "degraded braking capability" (driver stated to police brakes were shaking the truck). The pre-crash movement for V 2 coded going straight, category "other vehicle encroachment from crossing street across path." The critical reason not coded to this vehicle. V 3 not involved in first harmful event..
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision, Surveillance, Vehicle present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Surveillance present problem 
Vehicle 3:  Driver Fatigue, Surveillance present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Going straight
 3 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Crossing over (passing through) intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From crossing street, across path
 3 ：Other- Not involved first harmful event

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Vehicle Related Factor- Degraded braking capability
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
 3 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
