Case Summary:
1    Case Summary The two-vehicle crash occurred on a two-lane, undivided, east/west roadway with a private driveway on the north side. The roadway was straight, dry and of concrete construction. There was a 3.4% downhill grade in the westbound direction and a 3.4% uphill grade in the eastbound direction. There were no traffic controls at the scene. The posted speed limit is 48 kmph (30 mph). Traffic was light at the time of the crash. This crash occurred during daylight hours with clear skies. Vehicle one (V1), a 2006 Cadillac DTS, was eastbound in the first travel lane. Vehicle two (V2), a 2002 Mitsubishi Eclipse, was westbound in the first travel lane. V1 attempted to turn left into the driveway and the front struck the front of V2. V1 and V2 came to rest near the point of impact. Both vehicles were towed due to damage. The driver of V1, an eighty-five year old female, was heading home from the doctor's office. This driver had been driving for about forty minutes, drives the route daily and is familiar with the vehicle. The driver stated that she did not see V2 prior to impact and did not attempt any evasive maneuvers. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: this vehicle traveling-turning left at intersection. The critical reason for V1 was coded as a driver related factor: inadequate surveillance (e.g., failed to look, looked but did not see). The driver of V2, a twenty-seven year old female, was heading home from the doctor's office. This driver had been driving for about one minute, was driving the route for the first time and is familiar with the vehicle. She did not realize that V1 was not going to yield the right-of-way until approximately 6 meters (20 feet) prior to the point of impact. She applied the brakes and steered to the right. The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded: other vehicle encroachment; from opposite direction, over left lane line. The critical reason was not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Driver Physical, Drugs, Surveillance present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Decision, Driver Inexperience, Drugs present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Turning left at intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From opposite direction - over left lane line

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Inadequate surveillance (e.g., failed to look, looked but did not see)
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
