Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This three-vehicle crash occurred mid-evening at an intersection. The north/south roadway is comprised of two through lanes and a left-turn lane in each direction. There are no traffic controls for this section. The east/west section is comprised of a two-way, undivided two-lane roadway. Stop signs are posted for east and westbound traffic. The speed limit for the north/south section was 56 kmph (35 mph) and 40 kmph (25 mph) for the east/west section. Road surface asphalt and dry. It was dark out, but the intersection was well lit. Vehicle one (V1), a 1994 Chevrolet Beretta Z26 carrying three occupants, was traveling westbound in the first lane. Vehicle two (V2), a 2004 Dodge Stratus carrying one occupant, was traveling northbound in the first lane. Vehicle three (V3), a 1997 Buick Riviera carrying two occupants, was traveling northbound in the second lane. For unknown reasons, the driver of V1 disregarded the stop sign and continued westbound across the northbound section of the roadway. The driver of V2 slammed on the brakes but could not stop, the front of his vehicle contacting the left side of V1. After the initial impact, V1 rotated counterclockwise one hundred eighty degrees and continued on a westbound trajectory. The vehicle came to rest on the northwest corner facing eastbound. After V2's impact with V1, the vehicle rotated counterclockwise approximately ninety degrees, entering the second lane. The front of V3 contacted the left side of V2. V2 was pushed back clockwise and came to rest in the middle of the road, just north of the intersection. V3 rolled northwest and came to rest on the west curb, facing northwest. All three vehicles were towed due to damage. All of the occupants of the three vehicles spoke little to no English and the researcher was unable to collect detailed interview data. According to the police report, the drivers of both V1 and V2 were not licensed. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: this vehicle traveling, crossing over (passing through) intersection . The critical reason for the critical event was coded to V1 as: type of driver error unknown. The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded: other vehicle encroachment; from crossing street, across path. The critical reason was not coded to this vehicle. V3 was not involved in the first harmful event. The critical reason was not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Going straight
 3 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Crossing over (passing through) intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From crossing street, across path
 3 ：Other- Not involved first harmful event

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Type of driver error unknown
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
 3 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
