Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two-vehicle crash occurred on a two-lane, undivided, bituminous, uphill roadway that runs east to west. There was a curve 80 meters preceding the point of impact and then the roadway is straight until the impact location.. This roadway intersects with a two-lane, downhill, bituminous roadway that runs north to south and has no center stripe. The intersection was controlled by a stop sign. The posted speed limit was 72 kmph (45 mph). Traffic flow was light and there were no adverse atmospheric conditions present at the time of the crash. Vehicle one, a 2000 Toyota Camry was traveling eastbound in the first lane. Vehicle two, a 1999 Ford F-150 was stopped in the first lane ahead of vehicle one. As vehicle one approached the intersection, the front of vehicle one contacted the rear of vehicle two. Vehicle one was towed due to damage. Vehicle two was not towed due to damage. The driver of vehicle one, a sixty-three year old female was not interviewed. There is no known pre-crash information for this driver. The driver of vehicle two, a thirty-two year old male was not interviewed. There is no known pre-crash information for this driver. The critical pre-crash event for vehicle one was coded as: other motor vehicle in lane, other vehicle stopped. The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event was attributed to vehicle one but due to the lack of an interview was coded as a driver related factor: type of driver error unknown. The critical pre-crash event for vehicle two was coded as: other motor vehicle in lane, traveling in same direction with higher speed. The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event for vehicle two was not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:


Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Decelerating in traffic lane

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Other vehicle stopped
 2 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Traveling in same direction with higher speed

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Type of driver error unknown
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
