Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This crash occurred on a Monday during mid-afternoon daylight hours involving two pick up trucks that collided at a controlled intersection. The speed limit for the roadway is 54 kmph (35 mph). The road is a four-lane, two-way, straight, flat, undivided concrete roadway for both vehicles. The road surface was dry and there were no detrimental atmospheric conditions at the time of the crash. The cross street is a one-way street that is a frontage road for an expressway. Vehicle one (V1), a 1997 Ford F-250 pick up, was traveling south in the second lane approaching the collision intersection with the intention of turning left. For this direction and lane of travel a protected left turn is available; however, at the time, the driver did not have a protective left turn from oncoming traffic. Vehicle two (V2), a 1996 Ford Ranger pick up, was traveling north in the first lane and approaching the collision intersection. As V1 was turning left the front of V2 impacted with the front right bumper corner of V1. At impact, V2 rotated 90 degrees clockwise and stopped facing east. V1 came to rest in the eastbound lanes, facing east, east of the impact point. Both vehicles were towed from the scene. Neither driver was injured. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: this vehicle traveling, turning left at intersection. The critical reason for the critical event was coded to V1 as a driver related factor: false assumption of other's actions. This driver assumed that V2 would make a right turn, since it was using the right travel lane. The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded: other vehicle encroachment; from opposite direction, over left lane line. The critical reason was not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Turning left at intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From opposite direction - over left lane line

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- False assumption of other's actions
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
