Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This crash occurred early morning hours (EMS dispatch time, no crash time on police report) involving two passenger cars at an intersection The speed limit for the roadways is 48 kmph (30 mph). The road is a 4-lane undivided blacktop roadway from south to north, and a two lane (two way traffic) from west to east controlled by a stop sign. The road surface was dry and there were no detrimental atmospheric conditions at the time of the crash. Vehicle one (V1), a 1988 Oldsmobile Cutlass driven by a 28 year-old female who was not fatigued, was traveling with with three passengers. V1 was stopped at a stop sign for the west-east direction of travel waiting for north-south traffic to pass before crossing through the intersection of both roadways. Vehicle two (V2), a 1994 Hyundai Excel driven by a 37 year-old female who not fatigued, was traveling with with two passengers. V2 was traveling north in the first lane. When the traffic cleared for V1 the driver attempted to pass through the intersection of both roadways. The front of V2 impacted with the right side of V1. V1 rotated counter clockwise and moved into the northbound lanes. V2 rotated clockwise after the impact, and moved north. It came to rest within the intersection both vehicles were facing northeast at final rest. Both vehicles were towed from the scene. The critical pre-crash event for V1 is coded: this vehicle traveling, crossing over (passing through) intersection. The critical reason for the critical event was coded to V1 as a driver related factor: inadequate surveillance (e.g., failed to look, looked but did not see). The driver claimed she waited several minutes before the intersection was clear, but did not see V2 coming from her right. The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded: other vehicle encroaching into the lane, from crossing street, across path. No critical reason for the critical event was coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision, Surveillance present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Surveillance present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Crossing over (passing through) intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From crossing street, across path

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Inadequate surveillance (e.g., failed to look, looked but did not see)
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
