Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two-vehicle crash occurred just past noon on a clear day. The crash occurred on a two-lane, straight, level and bituminous roadway. This road has a slight curve. This crash occurred during daylight hours with no adverse atmospheric conditions. The speed limit on this road is 72 kmph (45 mph). Vehicle one (V1), a 1994 Pontiac Firebird, was northbound traveling at approximately 64 kmph (40 mph). Vehicle two (V2), a 1995 Ford Ranger, was southbound traveling at 72 kmph (45 mph). V1 turned left and the front of V1 impacted the front of V2. Both vehicles were towed due to damage. The driver of V1, a forty-one year old male, was returning home from a funeral home and had made arrangements for his recently deceased father. The driver stated that he had not slept much and was upset. The driver stated that he looked but didn't see any approaching traffic and started to make his left turn. This driver drove this vehicle daily and over this road daily. The driver of V2, an eighteen-year-old male was returning home from classes. This driver drove this vehicle daily and in this vehicle daily. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: this vehicle traveling, turned left at intersection. The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded as: inattention [i.e., daydreaming]. The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded: other vehicle encroachment; from opposite direction - over left lane line. The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event was not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision, Distraction, Driver Fatigue, Driver Stress/Emotion, Surveillance present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Negotiating a curve
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Turning left at intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From opposite direction - over left lane line

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Inattention (i.e., daydreaming)
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
