Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This three-vehicle crash occurred during daylight hours in the middle of a four-way intersection. The north/south roadway was not physically divided and consisted of two lanes, one in each direction. The driveway heading east was composed of two lanes. The grade for all vehicles involved was determined to be level. The posted speed limit for the north/south roadway was 56kph (35mph). There was no posted speed limit for the driveway, however, on access roads such as this, 24kph (15mph) is the most common limit. There were no adverse atmospheric conditions at the time of the crash and the roadway was dry. Vehicle one (V1), a white 2001 Kia Rio, was traveling east on the access road, intending to make a left at the intersection. Vehicle two (V2), a silver 1998 Lincoln Continental, was traveling south on the roadway negotiating a curve, intending to continue straight. Vehicle three (V3), a maroon 2000 Hyndai Elantra, was traveling north on the roadway intending to continue straight. As V1 attempted to make the left onto the northbound lane, the front of V2 made contact with the left front of V1. After the initial impact, the left rear of V1 made contact with the right center of V2. Vehicle one then proceeded to strike the left rear of V3. Vehicle one came to final rest facing south, in the opposing lane of traffic. Vehicle two came to final rest facing east in the westbound lane of travel. Vehicle three continued forward after being struck by V1, and came to final rest facing north in the northbound lane. The driver of V1, a 24 year-old male, was taken to the hospital for unknown injuries. There were no other occupants present in the vehicle at the time of the crash. After numerous attempts to contact the driver, an interview could not be obtained. The Critical Precrash Event was coded as: this vehicle traveling, turning left at intersection. The Critical Reason for the Critical Precrash Event was coded as: unknown driver error. The driver of V2, a 63 year-old male, suffered minor injuries as a result of the crash, but did not require transportation to a medical facility. There were no other occupants present in the vehicle at the time of the crash. A complete interview was obtained from this driver who related that he was traveling down the roadway, when V1 pulled out in front of him. He claimed that he did try to brake, but to no avail. The Critical Precrash Event coded to this vehicle was: other vehicle encroachment, from crossing street turning into opposite direction. The Critical Reason for the Critical Precrash Event was not coded to this vehicle. The driver of V3, a 24 year-old male, was not injured as a result of the crash. There were no other occupants present in the vehicle when the crash occurred. An interview could not be obtained from this driver due to language barriers. All he could tell me (in the form of hand gestures, was his general direction of travel. No Critical Precrash Event, or reason for such, was coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Traffic present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Drugs, Traffic present problem 
Vehicle 3:  Traffic present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Stopped in traffic lane
 2 ：Negotiating a curve
 3 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Turning left at intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From driveway, turning into oppsite direction
 3 ：Other- Not involved first harmful event

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Type of driver error unknown
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
 3 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
