Case Summary:
1    Case Summary The crash occurred on a five-lane primary arterial that ran north/south through a business district about twenty seven meters south of an intersection with a residential road. There were two southbound travel lanes, with lane three as a left turn only lane at the intersection but otherwise was also a left turn lane for both travel directions. There were two northbound through lanes. The primary arterial was straight and level. Conditions at the time of the crash were overcast with steady rain in the early afternoon on a weekend. The speed limit on the arterial was 64kph (40mph). V1 was a 1994 Mazda 626 traveling south in lane two of the arterial. It was decelerating for the red light and stopped traffic at the intersection when the driver reached to his right with both hands to put his food down in the right front seat and his left foot slipped off the clutch pedal. This re-engaged the transmission causing V1 to run into the back of V2, a 1998 Mazda B3000 4x4 pickup truck. V2 had been stopped at the red light for some time when it was struck in the rear by the front of V1. Both vehicles came to rest facing south in their original travel lanes at the point of impact. V1 was towed from the scene while V2 drove away. V1 was driven by a 45 year old belted male who was uninjured in the crash. He had left the store only a few minutes previous to the crash. The driver stated in the interview that his feet were wet and he should have known better but was putting his food down to “drive more safely”. The Critical Precrash Event for V1 was other vehicle stopped in lane. The Critical Reason was an internal distraction, putting food down on the right front seat. The driver was also coded as inattentive. The issue with the wet clutch pedal with no rubber (traction) on it is listed with vehicle related factors. V2 was driven by a 39 year old belted male who was uninjured in the crash. His right front passenger was also uninjured. The Critical Precrash Event for V2 was other vehicle in lane traveling at a higher speed. The Critical Reason was not coded to this vehicle. Although the driver was conversing with his passenger this was not thought to have contributed to the crash events. No contributing factors were coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Distraction, Driver Performance, Roadway, Vehicle, Weather/Environment present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Distraction, Roadway, Weather/Environment present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Decelerating in traffic lane
 2 ：Stopped in traffic lane

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Other vehicle stopped
 2 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Traveling in same direction with higher speed

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Internal distraction
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
