Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This crash occurred at an intersection with traffic signals. An oncoming vehicle struck a vehicle attempting a left turn. The north/south roadway is a 4-lane roadway in each direction divided by a curbed sod median. Approaching the intersection from either direction, the roadway is curved with a radius of 99 meters (325 feet). The speed limit is 48 kmph (30 mph). The road surface was dry and there were no detrimental atmospheric conditions at the time of the crash. It was early afternoon and there was medium traffic on the roadway. The cross street at the intersection is a two way divided roadway. Vehicle one (V1), a 1999 BMW 3 Series vehicle with one occupant, was southbound in lane four attempting to make a left turn at the intersection. Vehicle two (V2), a 2000 Chevrolet S-10 pick-up with one occupant, was northbound in lane two approaching the intersection. As both vehicles entered the intersection, the front of V1 struck the left side of V2. V2 rotated counter clockwise and came to rest facing west north of the impact location. V1 came to rest in lane one of the eastbound lanes. Both vehicles were towed due to damage. The driver of V1, a 63 year-old female was traveling to a grocery store from her office. She is familiar with the vehicle and travels the route daily. As she attempted the left turn, she did not detect the oncoming vehicle and therefore attempted no evasive. The driver decelerated but did not stop prior to the left turn. She stated the light had just turned yellow as she entered the intersection. The driver was on vacation the week prior to the crash. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded "this vehicle traveling-turning left at intersection." The critical reason was coded "inadequate surveillance (e.g., failed to look, looked but did not see)." The driver of V2, a 37 year-old male, was traveling from his residence to a friend's residence. He is familiar with the vehicle and route travelled. He did not detect V1 until he was in the intersection. He did not have time to attempt any avoidance maneuver. He failed to look far enough ahead to detect V1 earlier. The driver also stated the traffic light had just turned yellow as he entered the intersection. The pre-crash critical event for V2 was coded "other vehicle encroachment-from opposite direction-over left lane line." The critical reason was not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Surveillance present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Surveillance present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Decelerating in traffic lane
 2 ：Negotiating a curve

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Turning left at intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From opposite direction - over left lane line

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Inadequate surveillance (e.g., failed to look, looked but did not see)
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
