Case Summary:
1    Case Summary An intersection related collision occurred during the morning daylight hours on a two-way, four lane, undivided roadway. The road was dry, traveled asphalt. Southbound travel had a +1.6% grade. Northbound travel had a -1.6% grade. The posted speed limit was 56 kmph (35 mph). There was rush hour traffic at the time of the collision, which involved two vehicles. There were no adverse weather conditions. Vehicle one (V1) was a 1999 Toyota Camry driven by a 68 year-old male who was not fatigued with one passenger. V1 was stopped southbound in the second lane waiting to turn into a business parking lot. Vehicle two (V2), a 2005 Honda Pilot driven by a 28 year-old male who was not fatigued, was traveling northbound in the first lane. V1 proceeded across the path of V2 without the right of way and was impacted on the right side by the front of V2. V1 rotated clockwise and came to rest in the roadway facing southeast. V2 rotated clockwise and came to rest in the roadway facing northeast. The driver of V1 was having a social conversation with the passenger. His view of on-coming traffic in lane one was blocked by traffic backed up in on-coming lane number two. He was otherwise attentive to the driving task. The stopped traffic waved the driver of V1 to make the turn. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: this vehicle traveling, turning left at intersection. The critical reason for the critical event was coded to V1 as a driver related factor: turned with obstructed view. The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded: other vehicle encroachment; from opposite direction, over left lane line. The critical reason was not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision, Distraction, Driver Physical, Drugs, Roadway, Surveillance, Traffic present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Roadway, Surveillance, Traffic present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Stopped in traffic lane
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Turning left at intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From opposite direction - over left lane line

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Turned with obstructed view
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
