Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two-vehicle crash occurred on an undivided, two-lane, level, straight roadway. There are driveways on both sides of this roadway. The speed limit for this roadway is 72 kmph (45 mph). It was dark at the time of the crash with no adverse atmospheric conditions. Vehicle one (V1), a 2002 Chevrolet Suburban, was westbound in lane one. Vehicle two (V2), a 2000 International tractor was towing a trailer carrying a concrete pole that was thirty-eight meters long and approximately two meters in diameter. V2 had warning lights on the back of the cab and on the back of the cargo trailer, but no reflective material or lights on the pole. V2's escort vehicle and flagmen were on the west side of the driveway. V2 entered the roadway from a driveway on the south side of the east/west roadway, turning left (west). When V2 was partially on the roadway with the pole blocking both lanes, the front of V1 struck the right side of the pole. V1 was towed due to damage. The driver of V1, a forty-one-year-old female, was on her way home from church. She was healthy, well rested and familiar with her vehicle. She travels this route daily. This driver stated that she did not see V2 or its cargo prior to the crash. The driver of V2, a forty-one-year-old male, was on his way from the pole plant to another state. He was healthy and well rested. He rarely travels this route but had been driving trucks for eleven years. This driver stated that he was on his CB radio talking to his flagman ensuring that he was making the turn safely. This driver stated that the pole blocked his view of V1 and he did not see it prior to the crash. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded as " other vehicle encroachment; from driveway, turning into same direction." The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event for V1 was "not coded to this vehicle." This driver's failure to look far enough ahead was an associated factor in this crash. The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded as "other; leaving driveway, turning left." The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded as "driver related factor; entered roadway without necessary precautions (i.e. flagman, lights and/or reflectors on cargo."
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Drugs, Surveillance present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Decision, Distraction, Driver Inexperience, Roadway, Vehicle present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Accelerating in traffic lane

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From driveway, turning into same direction
 2 ：Other- Other (specify) :

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
 2 ：Driver Related Factor- Other decision error (specify) :
