Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two-vehicle crash occurred shortly past noon during daylight hours. The weather was overcast, visibility was clear and the roadway was dry asphalt. The location of the crash is a busy four way, level intersection with left turn lanes and overhead traffic signals with crosswalks. The east leg of the intersection is an off-ramp/on-ramp. The speed limit for both vehicles is 56 kmph (35 mph). Vehicle one (V1), a 1987 Honda Civic two door driven by a 78 year-old male, was traveling southbound in the center left turn only lane. V1 entered the intersection and turned left to go eastbound. V1 was struck in the right side by the front of Vehicle two (V2), a 1991 Peugeot sedan driven by a 56 year-old female. On impact V2 pushed V1 toward the northeast corner of the intersection. V1 came to rest facing east in the north crosswalk with the front of the vehicle up on the median. V1 was towed due to damage. V2 came to rest facing northeast in the roadway at the northeast corner. V2 was towed due to damage. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: this vehicle traveling, turning left at intersection. The critical reason for the critical event was coded to V1 as a driver related factor: Inadequate surveillance. The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded: other vehicle encroachment; from opposite direction-over left lane line. The critical reason not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Driver Inexperience, Driver Physical, Drugs, Surveillance present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Driver Stress/Emotion, Drugs, Speed/Distance present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Stopped in traffic lane
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Turning left at intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From opposite direction - over left lane line

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Inadequate surveillance (e.g., failed to look, looked but did not see)
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
