Case Summary:
1    Case Summary A two-vehicle collision occurred during the morning rush hour daylight hours . The collision occurred on a busy state route highway, in the eastbound lanes of a intersection. The pre-crash roadway for both vehicles is an uphill grade, on straight intersecting bituminous roadways. The roads were clear and dry. The roadway for eastbound travel has a posted speed limit of 56 kmph (35 mph). The roadway for northbound travel has a posted speed limit of 40 kmph (25 mph). Traffic flow through the intersection is controlled by traffic signals. Vehicle one (V1), a 1990 Toyota 4-runner driven by a 38 year-old male was traveling eastbound in lane two. Vehicle two (V2), a 1989 Oldsmobile Cutlass driven by a 60 year-old male was traveling northbound two. V1's lane of travel was controlled by a control signal which was a red light at the time that V1 entered the intersection. V2's lane of travel was also controlled by a signal which just turned green prior to vehicle two entering the intersection. The front of V1 impacted the left side front of V2. Both vehicles were towed due to damage. he driver of V2 was transported to a local medical facility. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: this vehicle traveling, crossing over (passing through) intersection. The critical reason for the critical event was coded to V1 as a driver related factor: aggressive driving behavior. Driver failed to stop for traffic light. The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded: other vehicle encroachment; from crossing street, across path. The critical reason was not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Aggressive Behavior, Decision present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Drugs present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Crossing over (passing through) intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From crossing street, across path

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Aggressive driving behavior
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
