Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This crash occurred on a weekday morning on a two-lane undivided rural roadway. The east/west roadway consisted of one lane in each direction with a posted speed limit of 72 kmph (45 mph). The bituminous roadway was dry and straight with an uphill grade greater than 2%. The roadway began curving to the right after it was intersected by a side road, near the point of impact. The traffic flow was normal and while there were no adverse atmospheric conditions existed at the time of the crash sun glare was present. V1, an unknown vehicle, was decelerating while eastbound in lane one as it approached the intersecting roadway were it intended to turn left. V2, a 1999 Ford E-Series Van, was also eastbound in lane one traveling behind V1. V3, a 1989 Toyota Pickup, was eastbound in lane one behind V2. As V1 continued to slow to its turn V2 failed to decelerate accordingly and struck the rear of V1 as it began turning left. V3 was unable to slow down and struck the rear of V2. All vehicles came to final rest near their respective points of impact. V1 was driven from the scene before this researcher's arrival while V2 & V3 were towed due to damage. Information regarding the drivers of all three vehicles was not available as the PAR could not be obtained regarding this crash and all three drivers had left the scene (V2 & V3 by EMS) prior to this researcher's arrival. No interviews could be conducted. The Critical Precrash Event for V1 was coded other motor vehicle in lane, traveling in same direction with higher speed. The Critical Reason was not coded to this vehicle. There are no known associated factors coded to V1, and the driver was not thought to have contributed to the crash. The Critical Precrash Event for V2 was coded other motor vehicle in lane, traveling in same direction while decelerating. The Critical Reason was coded as an unknown driver type error. The only possible associated factor that could be coded to V2 was the presence of sun glare. The Critical Precrash Event for V3 was coded as not involved in the first harmful event. The Critical Reason was not coded to this vehicle. The only possible associated factor that could be coded to V2 was the presence of sun glare.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Weather/Environment present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Driver Physical, Drugs, Weather/Environment present problem 
Vehicle 3:  Weather/Environment present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Decelerating in traffic lane
 2 ：Going straight
 3 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Traveling in same direction with higher speed
 2 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Traveling in same direction while decelerating
 3 ：Other- Not involved first harmful event

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
 2 ：Driver Related Factor- Type of driver error unknown
 3 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
