Case Summary:
1    Case Summary The crash occurred in the early afternoon of a weekday in the westbound lanes of a divided two-way roadway with three lanes in each direction. The roadway was straight and level and had a posted speed limit of 48kmph (30mph). It was daylight and clear with no adverse conditions. V1, a 1997 Infiniti QX4, was traveling westbound in the right lane (lane one). V2, a 1990 Ford Crown Victoria, was traveling westbound on the middle lane (lane two). V2 attempted to make a right turn at the intersection the right side of his vehicle collided with the left front of V1. V1 then went off the roadway to the right and then the front impacted a breakaway light pole. V1 was driven by a 34 year-old female who sustained minor injuries and was transported to a medical facility. She was unable to be located for an interview, but she told the police on scene that she was going straight when V2 attempted to make a right turn at the intersection. The Infiniti was towed due to damage. The Critical Pre-crash event for V1 was coded as other vehicle encroaching from adjacent lane (same direction), over the left lane line. The Critical Reason for the Critical Event was not coded to the driver. There were no known associated factors coded to V1 and the driver was not believed to have contributed to the crash. V2 was driven by a 58 year-old male who did not sustain any injuries. The driver stated that V1 was driving behind him and attempted to pass him from the right lane. The driver declined to participate in the study. The Ford was not towed due to damage. The Critical Pre-crash event for Vehicle # 2 was coded as: This vehicle traveling, turning right at intersection. The Critical Reason for the Critical Event was coded as a driver related factor, illegal maneuver, as V2 attempted to turn from the wrong lane. There were no known associated factors coded to V2.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Driver Physical, Drugs present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Decision present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From adjacent lane (same direction) - over left lane line
 2 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Turning right at intersection

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
 2 ：Driver Related Factor- Illegal maneuver
