Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two-vehicle crash occurred at of a six-lane, median divided, bituminous roadway with an uphill grade that lies east to west and a two-lane stop sign controlled roadway. The two-lane roadway is exiting several commercial buildings. The east-west road is controlled by traffic light. This crash occurred during a congested traffic period and the light had traffic backed up to this intersection. The crash occurred during daylight hours with no adverse atmospheric conditions. Vehicle one (V1), a 2001 Hyundai Sonata was northbound stopped at the stop sign waiting from traffic to clear to cross over the eastbound lanes and head west. Vehicle two (V2), a 1994 Nissan Altima was eastbound in lane three approaching the intersection. The westbound traffic in lane two came to a stop. A westbound non-contact vehicle's driver in lane two motioned for V1 to cross in front of them. V1 entered the eastbound lanes and the left side was struck by the front of V2. V1 was knocked eastbound and came to final rest headed east. V1 and V2 were towed due to damage. The driver of V1, a twenty-year-old female was not interviewed. There are no known factors for this driver. The driver of V2, a twenty-one year old male had been driving to lunch. This driver had not been driving for more than thirty minutes. This driver drives this vehicle daily and over this road on a daily basis. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: this vehicle traveling, turning left at intersection. The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event was attributed to V1 and was coded as a driver related factor: type of driver error unknown. The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded: other vehicle encroachment; from crossing street, across path. The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event for V2 was not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision, Roadway, Surveillance, Traffic present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Roadway, Traffic present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Stopped in traffic lane
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Turning left at intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From crossing street, across path

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Type of driver error unknown
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
