Case Summary:
1    Case Summary The crash occurred at 4 legged urban intersection controlled by an on-colors traffic signal. Conditions at the time of the weekday, afternoon crash were cloudy and dry. Interviews were obtained with both drivers and both vehicles were inspected. V1, a 1995 Oldsmobile Achieva, driven by a 22 year-old female, was southbound on a 3 lane, straight and level concrete road traveling in lane one stopped at the intersection on a red traffic signal. Per witnesses, v1 started into the intersection on the red signal and the right side of v1 was struck by v2. V2, a 1996 Ford Explorer, driven by a 55 year-old male, was eastbound on a 5-lane straight and level concrete road approaching the same intersection with a green traffic signal. The driver of v2 had no time for avoidance maneuvers. The front of v2 struck the right side of v1. V1 then rotated counterclockwise while v2 rotated clockwise, and the right back of v1 struck the left passenger area of v2. V2 came to rest facing south in lane one of the south leg of the intersection. V2 was towed from the scene due to damage. The airbags in v2 deployed and the fully restrained driver denied injuries. After the sideslap with v2, v1 continued to the southeast corner of the intersection and left the road striking a small post with the front left. V1 then struck a fire hydrant with the front right corner. V1 was towed from the scene due to damage. The fully restrained driver was transported due to injuries. The Critical Precrash Event coded to v1 was 'this vehicle traveling, crossing over (passing through) intersection.' The Critical Reason for the Critical Event coded was 'inadequate surveillance-looked but did not see.' The driver of v1 stated in the interview that she was totally alert and was sure the signal had turned green when she proceeded into the intersection. After considering the witness statements, the police believed the signal was red for v1. The Critical Precrash Event coded to v2 was 'other motor vehicle encroachment from crossing street, across path.' The Critical Reason was not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Distraction, Drugs, Surveillance present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Decelerating in traffic lane
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Crossing over (passing through) intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From crossing street, across path

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Inadequate surveillance (e.g., failed to look, looked but did not see)
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
