Case Summary:
1    Case Summary The crash occurred in the northbound lane of a two-way, residential roadway. The roadway had a posted speed limit of 40 kmph (25 mph) and a level grade. A left curve approached the stretch of roadway where the crash occurred. Conditions were daylight and dry with clear skies. The setting was afternoon hours on a weekday. Vehicle one was a 1996 Ford Explorer sport utility negotiating a left curve. After coming out of the curve, the driver looked away from the road and drifted into the right curb. This caused the right front tire to deflate. V1 then traveled across the roadway to the left, scuffing the left curb. V1 then departed the roadway to the left, impacting a wooden streetlight pole on the west roadside with its front plane. V1 rolled left three-quarter turns, coming to rest on its right plane. The Ford Explorer was driven by a 43-year old male taking his 9-year old daughter home from the grocery store. Both occupants were listed with possible injuries, but were not transported to a medical facility. He stated that she was reaching from the right rear seat into the front passenger seat for a bag of potato chips. He was motioning to her and not watching the road. He recalls looking up and crashing into the phone pole. The driver did not execute an avoidance maneuver. The driver and his daughter were able to exit the vehicle through the broken driver's window. He estimated his travel speed to be 56 kmph (35 mph). The sport utility was towed due to damage. The Critical Precrash Event was "this vehicle traveling off the edge of the road on the right side". The Critical Reason for the Critical Precrash Event was a "driver-related factor - internal distraction". The driver was conversing casually with his daughter in the back seat at the time of the crash. He was using Lexapro, an anti-depressant medication.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Distraction, Drugs present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Negotiating a curve

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Off the edge of the road on the right side

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Internal distraction
