Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two-vehicle crash occurred during the early evening daylight hours in a residential area T-intersection. The east-west roadway is a two-way, four-lane undivided roadway. The intersecting road is a two-way, two-lane, bituminous residential roadway. The pre-crash north/south roadway is level and straight and controlled by a stop sign; the pre-crash east/west roadway has a 4% downhill grade, just leveling out in the crash area and did not have any traffic controls. Access to the roadway is not controlled. The posted speed limit for the n/s roadway is 40 kmph (25 mph). The posted speed limit for the e/w roadway is 56 kmph (35 mph). At the time of the crash, it was dusk, had recently rained, and the roads were wet. There were no other adverse weather conditions or sight restrictions, and there were no road defects. Vehicle one (V1), a 2003 Kia Spectra, was stopped facing south in lane one, at a stop sign. The V1 driver, a 23 year old male, entered the intersection and the left side of V1 was impacted by the front of vehicle two (V2). After the impact V1 rotated clockwise and came to rest near the point of impact facing generally southwest. V2 was a 1990 Chrysler Imperial that was traveling west in lane one. The V2 driver, a 41 year old female, noticed V1 enter the intersection, hit the brakes then steered left, but was unable to avoid the collision with V1. V2 came to rest in the intersection in the original lane of travel, just beyond the point of impact facing generally west. V1 was driven from the scene and V2 was towed due to damage. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: this vehicle traveling, turning left at intersection. The critical reason for the critical event was coded to V1 as a driver related factor: inadequate surveillance (e.g. failed to look, looked but did not see). The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded: other vehicle encroachment; from crossing street, turning into opposite direction. The critical reason was not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision, Roadway, Surveillance present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Distraction, Roadway present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Accelerating in traffic lane
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Turning left at intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From crossing street, turning into opposite direction

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Inadequate surveillance (e.g., failed to look, looked but did not see)
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
