Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two vehicle crash occurred during early morning hours at a controlled four-leg intersection by on-color traffic signal. The posted speed limit is 48 kmph (30 mph) prior to the intersection for both vehicles. The road surface is concrete, dry and there were no detrimental atmospheric conditions. There are four lanes north/south and two lanes east/west. Vehicle one (V1), a 2003 Honda Accord coupe driven by a 41 year-old male with one passenger was traveling north in the first lane.. Vehicle two (V2), a 2002 Dodge Ram Pick up driven by a 24 year-old female with one passenger was traveling west in the second lane. As V2 entered the intersection the front of V1 impacted the left side. After impact V2 rotated counter clockwise and V1 rotated counter clockwise as well. Both vehicles came to rest within the intersection. V2 was towed from the scene. V1 was driven from the scene. The driver of V1 claimed to be well rested and in good health. The driver of V2 claimed to be well rested and in good health. An additional factor for V1 according to a witness was excessive speed. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: this vehicle traveling, crossing over (passing through) intersection. The critical reason for the critical event was coded to V1 as a driver related factor: inadequate surveillance, for failing to see traffic control device. An associative factor was an illegal maneuver, for disregard of traffic control signal as well as aggressive driving for speeding. The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded: other vehicle encroachment; from crossing street - across path. The critical reason was not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Aggressive Behavior, Decision, Driver Stress/Emotion, Surveillance present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Crossing over (passing through) intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From crossing street, across path

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Illegal maneuver
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
