Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two-vehicle crash occurred on a five-lane curved asphalt roadway. This road has two travel lanes in either direction and a center left turn lane. For westbound traffic the roadway curves right. The posted speed limit is 72 kmph (45 mph). This crash occurred during dark hours with no adverse atmospheric conditions. Vehicle one (V1), a 1973 Ford F150 pickup truck was backing down the center turn lane going west and entered the second westbound lane. Vehicle two (V2), a 1997 Ford Aspire sedan, was westbound in the second lane. As V1 departed the center left turn lane the left side of V1 was impacted by the left front of V2. Both vehicles came to rest in the westbound lanes. V1 was not towed due to damage. V2 was towed due to damage. The driver of V1, a forty-six year old female, was not interviewed. It is unknown why this driver was backing in the center left turn lane or why she departed her lane. The driver of V2, a thirty-two year old male was not interviewed. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: this vehicle traveling: over the lane line on left side of travel lane. The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded as a driver related factor: type of driver error unknown. The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded: other vehicle encroachment; from adjacent lane [same direction]- over left lane line. The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event was not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision, Driver Performance, Surveillance present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Backing up (other than for parking position)
 2 ：Negotiating a curve

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Over the lane line on left side of travel lane
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From adjacent lane (same direction) - over left lane line

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Type of driver error unknown
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
