Case Summary:
1    Case Summary The crash occurred mid-day before noon at the intersection of a two-way, three lane (six overall), the north/south divided roadway without a positive barrier and a two-way, three lane, undivided roadway east/west. Both roads were dry, traveled, level asphalt. The posted speed limit north/south 56 kmph (35 mph) and 48 kmph (30 mph) for east/west. Traffic was light at this time and there were no adverse weather conditions. Traffic flow was controlled by traffic signals. Vehicle one (V 1) was a 2000 Chevrolet Silverado driven by a 22 year-old male. It was southbound in the first travel lane. Vehicle two (V 2) was a 2001 Ford Taurus driven by a 61 year-old female. It was eastbound in the second travel lane. Both vehicles entered the intersection and the front of V1 impacted with the left side of V 2. V 1 fled the scene after the collision and the vehicle's post impact movements are unknown. V 2 rotated counterclockwise and came to rest facing south in the intersection. V 2 was towed from the scene. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: this vehicle traveling, crossing over (passing through) intersection. The critical reason was attributed to V1 as a driver related factor "illegal maneuver" (failure to stop for traffic control device). The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded: other vehicle encroachment; from crossing street, across path. The critical reason for the critical event was not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Aggressive Behavior, Decision present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Surveillance present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Stopped in traffic lane

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Crossing over (passing through) intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From crossing street, across path

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Illegal maneuver
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
