Case Summary:
1    Case Summary The crash occurred on a weekday around noon involving two passenger cars at an intersection with traffic lights. The speed limit for the roadway is 54 kph (35 mph). The road is a 4-lane divided (no positive barrier) asphalt roadway for both vehicles. The road surface was dry and there were no detrimental atmospheric conditions at the time of the crash. Vehicle one (V1), a 2003 Ford Windstar with three occupants was traveling south in the third lane of the southbound lanes attempting a left turn at the intersection. V1 was following a semi-truck, performing a left turn at that intersection from lane 4 of the southbound lanes. Vehicle two (V2), a 1991 Dodge Dynasty with 2 doors and 1 occupant, was traveling north in the third lane, attempting to pass through the intersection. At the intersection, the front right corner of V1 impacted with the front of V2. V2 rotated counter clockwise as it came to rest. V1 continued forward and came to rest in the intersection. Both vehicles were towed from the scene. A 35-year old female drove V1, the 2003 Ford Windstar. She stated she followed an unidentified semi-truck while talking to a 911 operator on her cell phone. She would not disclose the reason for the pursuit, but advised it was a family matter, taken care of a day later. She admitted she was turning from the third lane. Police on scene and the driver of V2 confirmed these actions. The driver of V1 was interviewed a day after the crash. A 44-year old male drove V2, the 1991 Dodge Dynasty. He saw V1 making an illegal maneuver and applied the brakes while steering to the right. He was not able to prevent the crash. The critical pre crash event for V1 was coded: this vehicle traveling, turning left at an intersection. The critical reason for the critical event was coded as an internal distraction. The driver had a combination of internal distraction (phone), external (following vehicle) distractions, performed an illegal maneuver (turning from wrong lane) and had inadequate surveillance. The critical pre crash event for V2 was coded: other vehicle encroaching into the lane, from opposite direction-over the left lane line. No critical reason for the critical event was coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Cell Phone Use, Decision, Distraction, Driver Inexperience, Speed/Distance, Surveillance present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Decelerating in traffic lane
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Turning left at intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From opposite direction - over left lane line

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Internal distraction
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
