Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two-vehicle crash occurred on a clear day shortly after noon. The east to west roadway begins with seven-lanes then, after a non-traffic signal controlled intersection, narrows to four-lanes. For east bound traffic, the road is down hill after coming off a bridge. There is a raised center divider, that is not positive. Vehicle one (V1), a 2003 Toyota Camry, was westbound in lane-one. As it was passing through an intersection a non-contact vehicle pulled out from the intersection in front of V1 from its right. V1's driver steered left to avoid a collision and crossed over lane two and over the center median into on-coming traffic. V1 was rotating counter clockwise as it crossed the median. It crossed the median and was struck in the right side by the front of vehicle two (V2), a 1991 Oldsmobile 98 sedan, that was eastbound in the number two lane. This impact caused V1 to roll over 1/4 turn. As V1 rolled its back plane contacted the left side of V2. V1 came to final rest on the right passenger side facing Northeast. V2 came to final rest in lane two facing east. Both vehicles were towed due to damage. Both drivers were transported for injuries. The driver of V1, a twenty-three year old female, drives this road regularly. This driver and a witness indicated that a vehicle had pulled out in front of this driver from the intersection as V1 entered the intersection. The driver of vehicle one never maintained control of the vehicle after avoiding the collision with the non-contact vehicle. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: other vehicle encroachment; from crossing street, intended path not known. The critical reason for the critical event was attributed to V1 and was coded as a driver related factor: poor directional control. This driver failed to maintain control following successfully avoiding the non-contact vehicle. The driver of V2, a twenty-four year old female, drives this road daily. This driver had just started this trip less than on half-hour before the crash. The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded: from opposite direction- over left lane line. The critical reason for the critical event was not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Driver Performance present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Avoidance maneuver to a previous critical event
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From crossing street, intended path not known
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From opposite direction - over left lane line

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Poor directional control (e.g., failing to control vehicle with skill ordinarily expected)
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
