Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two-vehicle crash occurred on a ten-lane expressway. This divided road has five lanes in either direction. The road is straight and level. The speed limit on the expressway is 89 kph (55 mph). There was heavy stop and go traffic on this road. This crash occurred during nighttime hours with additional lighting. Vehicle one, a 2005 Nissan Altima was traveling northbound in the first lane. Vehicle two, a 2000 Chevrolet Blazer was traveling northbound in the first lane ahead of vehicle one. The front of vehicle one impacted the rear of vehicle two. Both vehicles came to rest near the point of impact. Vehicle one was towed due to damage. Vehicle two was not towed due to damage. The driver of vehicle one, a sixty-one year old male was not interviewed. There is no known pre-crash information on this driver. The driver of vehicle two, a thirty-three year old female was heading home from work. This driver had been driving for about thirty-minutes at the time of the crash. This driver stated that as she was slowing she looked in her rear view mirror at the traffic (vehicle one) that was approaching. This driver drives this vehicle daily and over this road on a daily basis. The critical pre-crash event for vehicle one was coded “other motor vehicle traveling in lane: traveling in the same lane while decelerating”. The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event for vehicle one was coded as “driver related factor: type of driver error unknown”. The critical pre-crash event for vehicle two was coded as “other motor vehicle traveling in lane: traveling in same direction with higher speed”. The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event for vehicle two was coded as “critical event not coded to this vehicle”.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 2:  Distraction present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Traveling in same direction while decelerating
 2 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Traveling in same direction with higher speed

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Type of driver error unknown
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
