Case Summary:
1    Case Summary The crash occurred on a north / south, rural arterial road that was two way and two lane. There was a curve right in the area that the crash occurred, as well as another switchback curve to the left (if headed south). The road was bordered on the right side (if southbound) by trees and a creek. The radius of curvature for the first curve (right) was 142.4 meters, the second (left) was 97.8 meters. The posted speed limit was 48 KPH / 30 MPH. Conditions were daylight and dry in the early afternoon on a weekday. Vehicle 1 was a 1988 Nissan Maxima southbound on the arterial road. After negotiating the curve right it failed to negotiate the curve left and went off the right side of the road and into the trees. It struck a tree with its front and then rolled one quarter turn to its left, and coming to rest partially suspended in the air over the creek by the underbrush that accumulated under the front end when it left the roadway. Vehicle 1 was towed due to damage Vehicle 1 was driven by a 51 year old belted female who was uninjured in the crash. The critical pre-crash event was this vehicle traveling: off the edge of the road on the right side. The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event was a critical non-performance error: sleeping, that is actually asleep. The driver was coded as being fatigued due to only five hours of sleep that she was able to acquire. She had also been out job hunting earlier that day, and stated that she was very sleepy while on her way home. Driver had also been eating in an attempt to stay awake. The driver was coded as having emotional factors which stemmed from being out of work for six months.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Distraction, Driver Fatigue, Driver Stress/Emotion present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Negotiating a curve

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Off the edge of the road on the right side

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Sleeping, that is, actually asleep
