Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two vehicle crash occurred at the intersection of a two-way, four-lane (7 lanes overall) divided roadway without a positive barrier and a one-way five-lane roadway. Crash occurred during early evening hours. Traffic flow controlled by on-color traffic signal. Both roads were dry, polished, level concrete. The posted speed limit for east/west is 56 kmph (35 mph) and 64 kmph (40 mph) north/south. There was heavy rush hour traffic at the time of the accident. There were no adverse weather conditions. Vehicle one (V1) a 1997 Buick Riviera coupe driven by a 20 year-old female was traveling eastbound approaching the intersection in the second lane. Vehicle two (V2) a 1999 Cadillac sedan driven by a 69 year-old female was traveling northbound in the third lane approaching the intersection. V1 entered the intersection without the right of way and was struck on the right side by the front of V2. V1 rotated clockwise and struck a traffic signal, then came to rest in the roadway facing north. V2 rotated clockwise and came to rest in the roadway facing south. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: this vehicle traveling, crossing over (passing through) intersection. The critical reason for the critical event was coded to V1 as a driver related factor: illegal maneuver, for disregard of traffic control signal. The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded: other vehicle encroachment; from crossing street, across path. The critical reason was not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision, Surveillance, Traffic present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Driver Fatigue, Drugs, Surveillance, Traffic present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Crossing over (passing through) intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From crossing street, across path

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Illegal maneuver
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
