Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This crash occurred in the early morning hours of a weekend in the eastbound lanes of a fully controlled urban highway, with two lanes in each direction divided by a concrete median barrier, with a posted speed limit of 113kmph (70 mph). The bituminous, wet roadway was straight and level except for a sag in the left lane (lane two). This sag in combination with a blocked storm drain allowed a puddle to form across all of lane two. Conditions at the time of the crash were dark and raining, with light traffic. Interviews were obtained with both drivers on-scene and both vehicles were inspected. V1, a 2006 Pontiac Grand Prix, was eastbound in lane one traveling at 113kmph (70 mph). V2, a 1998 Ford Escort station wagon, was also eastbound in lane one ahead of V1 traveling at 97kmph (60 mph). As V1 approached V2 it began moving into lane two just before the sag in an effort to pass V2. V1 began to hydroplane on the road when she entered the 10m long area of standing water, and began to rotate counterclockwise. The driver steered hard right and V1 rotated clockwise causing the front of V1 to strike the left back of V2. The driver of V1 then steered left, causing V1 to rotate counterclockwise again, spinning around completely as it crossed lane one before exiting the road on the right side. V1 than rolled backwards into the ditch that ran parallel to the roadway. V1 came to rest in the ditch facing north and was towed from the scene due to damage. V1 was driven by a 19 year-old female driving her mother's brand new vehicle for the second time. The fully restrained driver and her mother who was the front right passenger, refused treatment at the scene. Both airbags deployed, and the Intelligent Communication System came on and called for emergency help. The Critical Precrash Event for V1 was coded this vehicle control loss due to poor road conditions (large puddle/pool of water covering lane two). The Critical Reason was coded as a driver related factor, a decision error, traveling too fast for conditions. Associated factors for this crash include driver inexperience, as a driver in general (she had only been driving for 4 months) as well as with the vehicle itself (before this crash she had only driven the vehicle on one previous occasion). The driver also had a performance error as she stated that she was not used to the way the car drove and overcompensated by steering too hard repeatedly throughout the crash sequence. The driver was also unfamiliar with the roadway as she rarely drove it. The vehicle's speed also played a role in this crash, although the driver was adhering to the speed limit, she was traveling too fast on a dangerous roadway and did not realize that caution was required. Other drivers traveling at lower speeds did not have difficulty with the standing water. V2 was driven by a 44 year-old female in good health and wearing her prescription lenses that correct both a hyperopic (far-sighted) and myopic (condition). The driver stated that her vehicle was struck in the left back by v1 and that she began to spin counterclockwise and started to pump her brakes. The driver was able to bring V2 under control and to a stop on the left paved shoulder. The fully restrained driver denied any injuries and was able to drive her vehicle from the scene after the tow company changed her left rear tire. The Critical Precrash Event for V2 was coded other vehicle encroachment from adjacent line (same direction) over left lane line. The Critical Reason was not coded to this vehicle. An associated factor was coded for possible side effects of her prescribed medication for depression including nervousness, anxiety, drowsiness and dizziness. The same road and weather conditions were also in place and could have affected this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Distraction, Driver Inexperience, Driver Performance, Drugs, Roadway, Speed/Distance, Weather/Environment present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Driver Inexperience, Driver Physical, Drugs, Weather/Environment present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Veh. Control Loss Due To:- Poor road conditions (puddle,pot hole,ice,etc.) (specify) :
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From adjacent lane (same direction) - over left lane line

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Too fast for conditions (specify) :
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
