Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This crash occurred mid-afternoon involving two passenger cars at an intersection. The intersection did not have any traffic signals or signs. The speed limit for the roadway is 64 kmph (40 mph). The road is a two-way, 5-lane divided concrete roadway. The road surface was wet but there were no detrimental atmospheric conditions at the time of the crash. The general atmospheric conditions on that particular day consisted of a succession of partially severe rain showers interrupted by dry periods. Vehicle one (V1), a 2003 Dodge Intrepid, was traveling east in the third lane and attempted to make a left turn at the intersection. Vehicle two (V2), a 1993 Nissan Altima, was traveling west in the second lane of the same roadway. The front of V2 impacted the right side of V1. At impact V1 rotated clockwise and came to rest in the northwest corner of the intersection, facing northeast. V2 rotated clockwise and came to rest within, facing north. The front air bags of both vehicles deployed at impact. The passenger in V1 and the driver of V2 were transported to a local hospital. The driver of V1 was not injured. Both vehicles were towed from the scene. The driver of V1 is a 59-year-old female who claimed to be well rested. Her general health condition is labeled as handicapped. She uses a walker to walk due to arthritis. She possesses a valid drivers license with no restrictions or endorsements. She was not in a hurry, no previous arguments not conversing, and was attentive to the driving task. She takes a variety of pain relievers for her arthritis and medication to control blood pressure. There was no indication of alcohol/ illegal drug involvement. She slept 8 hours the night before the crash. She drives the route monthly and is very familiar with the vehicle. She had just left grocery store and was on her way to a friend's house. She had driven 1.6 kilometers (1 mile). She claimed she was stopped for more than 10 seconds at the intersection before attempting a left turn. She did not see V2 prior to making her turn. There are no traffic signals or signs at the intersection. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: this vehicle traveling, turning left at intersection. The critical reason for the critical event was coded to V1 as a driver related factor: inadequate surveillance (e.g., failed to look, looked but did not see). The driver of V2 is a 35 year old male who takes the medication Dilantin and has epilepsy. There were no additional factors for this driver. The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded: other vehicle encroachment; from opposite direction, over left lane line. The critical reason was not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Driver Physical, Drugs, Surveillance present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Driver Physical, Drugs present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Turning left
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Turning left at intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From opposite direction - over left lane line

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Inadequate surveillance (e.g., failed to look, looked but did not see)
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
