Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two-vehicle crash occurred in a traffic signal-controlled intersection. The east/west roadway is divided, level and straight. The eastbound lanes consist of three through lanes and a left turn lane. The speed limit on this roadway is 56 kmph (35 mph). It was dark with streetlights on at the time of the crash and there were no adverse atmospheric conditions. Vehicle one (V1), a 2005 Audi A4, was eastbound in lane one. Vehicle two (V2), a 2004 BMW 325XI, was stopped for the red traffic signal in front of V1. The light turned green and V2 entered the intersection. V1 did not decelerate and the front struck the back of V2. Both vehicles were towed due to damage. The driver of V1, a twenty-six-year-old male, was traveling from a baseball field to his brother's home. He was healthy, well rested and familiar with his vehicle. He travels this route daily. He takes the medications Lexapro and Adderal. This driver stated that he was reaching for his cell phone and when he looked back to the roadway and realized that V2 was stopped, he didn't have time to attempt any avoidance maneuvers. The driver of V2, a nineteen-year-old female, was traveling, with four twenty-one-year-old females, from a piano bar to her home. (She was the designated driver for the evening.) She was well rested, healthy and comfortable with her vehicle. This driver travels on this roadway weekly. The pre-event movement for V1 was coded as "going straight." The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded as " other motor vehicle in lane; traveling in same direction with lower steady speed." The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded as "driver related factor; internal distraction." The pre-event movement for V2 was coded as "stopped in traffic lane." The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded as "other motor vehicle in lane; traveling in same direction with higher speed." The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event for V2 was "not coded to this vehicle."
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision, Distraction, Drugs, Surveillance present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Distraction present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Stopped in traffic lane

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Traveling in same direction with lower steady speed
 2 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Traveling in same direction with higher speed

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Internal distraction
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
