Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two-vehicle crash occurred mid-afternoon during daylight hours on a dry, level, concrete divided, four-leg intersection controlled by on-colors signals with pedestrians walks. The highway runs north and south at the location of the crash. There are four lanes for northbound traffic, one right turn lane, two through lanes and one left turn lane. There are five lanes for southbound traffic, one right turn lane, two through lanes and two-left turn lanes. The posted speed limit on the highway is 72 kmph (45 mph) and there were no adverse weather conditions at the time. Vehicle one (V1), a 2002 Saturn SC2 coupe, driven by a 59 year-old female was traveling north in the left turn lane. Vehicle two (V2), a 1991 Dodge Caravan, driven by a 15 year-old female with two passengers was south in lane three. As V1 and V2 entered the intersection at the same time, V1 turning left and V2 traveling straight through the intersection. V1 was impacted on the right side by the front of the V2. After the impact V1 rotated counter clockwise and came to rest on its wheels facing southwest in lane one of the southbound traffic. After the impact, V2 rotated clockwise and came to rest on its wheels facing southwest in the middle of the intersection. Both vehicles were towed from the scene. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: this vehicle traveling, turning left at intersection. The critical reason for the critical event was coded to V1 as a driver related factor: false assumption of other's action. Due to the light changing to yellow the driver assumed that V2 would yield his vehicle the right of way. The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded: other vehicle encroachment; from opposite direction, over left lane line. The critical reason for the critical event was not coded to this vehicle. Associative factors for V2 are: driver was inexperienced and conversing with passengers. Both drivers were cited for careless driving.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision, Drugs present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Distraction, Drugs present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Stopped in traffic lane
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Turning left at intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From opposite direction - over left lane line

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- False assumption of other's actions
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
