Case Summary:
1    Case Summary A single vehicle daytime collision occurred at 1150 hours. The collision occurred heading south on a two-lane off-ramp connecting two interstate highways. The pre-crash roadway is concrete paving that is uphill heading into a left hand turn. Access to the roadway is fully controlled. The posted speed limit for the roadway is 80 kmph (50 mph), and the advisory speed limit is 56 kmph (35mph). The radius of curvature of the left turn was measured from a satellite image to be 126 m for the center lane marking. It was raining and the roadway was wet at the time of the crash. Vehicle one a 1995 Toyota Camry, driven by a 20 year-old male was traveling south in lane two. Control of the vehicle was lost and it began to skid longitudinally, striking the right side barrier with the right front corner of the vehicle. This rotated the vehicle counter-clockwise, causing the right rear corner to contact the barrier. The vehicle was moved to the shoulder beyond the exit ramp to final rest, and was towed from the scene. The driver reported to be well rested and no taking any type of medications. The vehicle inspection revealed severely uneven tire wear on both front tires, with the outside tread having worn away and the inside tread appearing untouched. The rear tires also exhibited uneven wear, although not to the same extent. The pre-event movement for was coded negotiating curve. The critical pre-crash event for this vehicle is coded as this vehicle control loss due to: Traveling too fast for conditions. The critical reason for the critical event is coded as driver related factor: too fast for curve/turn..
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision, Driver Performance, Speed/Distance, Vehicle, Weather/Environment present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Negotiating a curve

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Veh. Control Loss Due To:- Traveling too fast for conditions

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Too fast for curve/turn
