Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This three-vehicle crash occurred on a straight, divided, five-lane, level roadway, at an intersection controlled by a traffic signal. The roadway runs northwest and southeast at the location of the crash and has two through lanes and one left turn lane for northwest-bound traffic. The speed limit for this roadway is 56 kmph (35 mph). It was dark at the time, but the roadway was lighted. There were no adverse weather conditions at the time. Vehicle one (V1), a 1984 Subaru GL, was northwest-bound in lane one. Vehicle two (V2), a 1992 Acura Integra, was northwest-bound in front of V1. Vehicle three (V3), a 1998 Chevrolet 1500 pickup, was northwest-bound in front of V2. V3 slowed to make a right turn at the intersection. V2 was slowing down for V3. V1 did not slow down and the front struck the back of V2. V2 was pushed forward and the front struck the back of V3. V1 and V2 came to rest facing northwest in lane one. V3 made the right turn and came to a controlled stop off the right side of the road facing north. It is unknown if V1 was towed from the scene. V2 was towed due to damage. V3 was driven from the scene. The driver of V1 was not interviewed. The driver of V2, a fifty-four-year-old male, was well rested and traveling a familiar route. The driver of V3, a twenty-one-year-old male, was fatigued and his attention was diverted by another vehicle on the intersecting roadway. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: other motor vehicle in lane, traveling in same direction while decelerating. The critical reason for the critical event was attributed to V1 and coded as a driver related factor: type of driver error unknown. The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded: other motor vehicle in lane, traveling in same direction with higher speed. The critical reason was not coded to this vehicle. V3 was not involved in first harmful event. The critical reason was not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 3:  Driver Fatigue present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Decelerating in traffic lane
 3 ：Decelerating in traffic lane

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Traveling in same direction while decelerating
 2 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Traveling in same direction with higher speed
 3 ：Other- Not involved first harmful event

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Type of driver error unknown
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
 3 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
