Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This crash occurred on a curved two-lane undivided roadway. It was a clear weekend afternoon. The crash occurred in a residential area where the speed limit was 40 kmph (25 mph). The roadway had a downhill grade of 4 percent, and at the crash scene, the roadway was sharply curved to the left. Vehicle 1 was a 1998 Chevrolet Venture minivan driven by a 17-year old male. He reported that he was on his way home from work and was giving a fellow employee a ride to his home. He also stated that he was tired and wanted to get home to rest. He reported that he was in good health, and wore glasses for a hyperopic (far-sighted) condition and was wearing them at the time of the crash. This driver also stated that he is a heavy-footed driver and that he had passed the occupant's home. He looked over at the occupant when the occupant was telling him to go down the street to turn around and come back to his house. As the driver of V1 approached the curve, he realized that he was going too fast and he slammed on the brakes while steering left. Even with these actions, the vehicle skidded off the right side of the roadway where the front of the van impacted a utility pole. Post-crash investigation revealed the van's odometer to be locked at 53 mph. Both the driver and passenger were transported to a hospital for injuries sustained in the crash. The van was towed due to damage. The Critical Pre-crash Event was coded as this vehicle traveling off the edge of the road on the right side. The Critical Reason for the Critical Event was coded as too fast for curve/turn. Associated factors coded to the driver were fatigue, inattention, conversation with the passenger, being in a hurry to get home, unfamiliarity with the roadway, and driver inexperience.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Distraction, Driver Fatigue, Driver Inexperience, Speed/Distance present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Off the edge of the road on the right side

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Too fast for curve/turn
