Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two-vehicle crash occurred on a three-lane expressway. This southbound section is separated from the northbound section by a median wall. The northbound section did not play a role in the crash. The speed limit on the expressway was 89 kph (55 mph). The roads were wet due to snow falling at the time of the crash. Vehicle one, a 2001 Hyundai Accent was traveling southbound in the second lane behind vehicle two. Vehicle two, a 2004 Lincoln Aviator was traveling southbound in the second lane when it slowed down due to traffic. As vehicle two was decelerating, it was hit in the rear by the front of vehicle one. Both vehicles came to rest neat the point of impact. Vehicle one was towed due to damage. Vehicle two was not towed due to damage. The driver of vehicle one, a thirty-nine year old female was southbound at the time of crash. There is only a partial surrogate interview for this driver. There is no known pre-crash information for this driver. This vehicle had low tread depth. The driver of vehicle two, a twenty-nine year old male stated that he had just left a business meeting and was heading back to the office at the time of the crash. This driver had been driving for about twenty minutes at the time of the crash. This driver stated that as he was decelerating he was looking in the rear view mirror at vehicle one approaching. This driver drives this vehicle daily and over this road on a weekly basis. The critical pre-crash event for vehicle one was coded as “other motor vehicle traveling in lane: traveling in the same lane while decelerating”. The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event was coded to vehicle one as “driver related factor: unknown recognition error”. The critical pre-crash event for vehicle two was coded as “other motor vehicle traveling in lane: traveling in same direction with higher speed”. The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event for vehicle two was coded as “critical event not coded to this vehicle”.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Traffic, Vehicle, Weather/Environment present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Distraction, Traffic, Weather/Environment present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Decelerating in traffic lane

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Traveling in same direction while decelerating
 2 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Traveling in same direction with higher speed

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Unknown recognition error
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
