Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two-vehicle crash occurred shortly before noon during daylight hours on a straight, dry, bituminous, physically divided, state highway with a downhill grade. The crash occurred near an intersection with a highway off ramp. The roadway runs north and south at this location. Northbound traffic consists of two through lanes that expand into three through lanes just prior to the intersection. There is a traffic control light with pedestrian crossings and the speed limit on the highway is posted at 64 kmph (40 mph). There were no adverse atmospheric conditions present at the time. Vehicle one (V1), a 1996 Ford F-150 pickup driven by a 35 year-old male with one passenger, was traveling northbound in lane one. Vehicle two (V2), a 2005 Buick Terraza driven by a 62 year-old female with one passenger, was also traveling northbound in lane one stopped at a red light. The driver of V1 was unable to stop in time and the front of V1 contacted the rear of V2. After the impact, V1 rotated counterclockwise and came to rest in lane one facing northwest. V2 was pushed forward and came to rest in lane one facing north. Both vehicles were towed from the scene. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: other motor vehicle in lane, other vehicle stopped. The critical reason for the critical event was coded to V1 as a driver related factor: type of driver error unknown. This coding was chosen was due to lack of interview. The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded: other motor vehicle in lane, traveling in same direction with higher speed. The critical reason was not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 2:  Driver Inexperience, Drugs present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Stopped in traffic lane

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Other vehicle stopped
 2 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Traveling in same direction with higher speed

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Type of driver error unknown
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
