Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two-vehicle left-turn configuration crash occurred at 0800 hours on a cloudy day. The roadway runs north/south and consists of two northbound and two southbound lanes that are separated by a continuous left turn lane. There is a dedicated right turn lane for southbound traffic provided in the crash area for diverting traffic which turns right to enter a retail shopping center located to the west of the road and also at an intersection located south of the crash scene. The roadway has a posted speed limit of 56 kmph (35 mph). Vehicle #1,(V 1) a Lexus ES300 4 door , was stopped in the left turn lane for an unknown time. The driver, a 77-year old female, stated that she was looking straight ahead prior to making the left turn. V 1 began to make the left turn into a retail shopping center parking lot and the driver was looking at the intended turn destination. The front of V 1 struck the front of V 2. V 1 came to rest facing generally west across the #1 and #2 southbound lanes. V 1 was towed due to damage. Vehicle #2,(V 2) a 2000 Toyota Corolla 4door , driven by a 26 year-old female was traveling southbound in the #2 lane at approximately 35 MPH. Upon noticing V 1, the V 2 driver applied full brake lock up and steered to the right. V 2 skidded for approximately 9 meters before colliding front to front with V 1. The impact redirected V 2 somewhat to the right and and V 2 came to rest with the front of the vehicle in the southbound #1 lane facing generally southwest. V 2 was towed from the scene and the driver was transported to a local medical facility. The Pre-event movement for V 1 was coded as "stopped in traffic lane". The Critical pre-crash event was coded as "this vehicle traveling-turning left at intersection". The Critical reason was coded as "driver related factor-inadequate surveillance; looked but did not see". The V 1 driver apparently looked in the direction of V 2 prior to making the left turn, but did not notice it approaching from the north. There were no sight line restrictions noted at the scene or indicated by the V 1 driver. A possible contributing factor was the V 1 driver's non-use of prescription glasses; they are listed as a restriction on the V 1 driver's motor vehicle operator's license. The Pre-event movement for V 2 was coded as "going straight". The Critical Pre-crash event was coded as "other vehicle encroachment-from opposite direction-over the left lane line". The Critical reason was not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Driver Physical, Drugs, Surveillance, Vision present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Stopped in traffic lane
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Turning left at intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From opposite direction - over left lane line

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Inadequate surveillance (e.g., failed to look, looked but did not see)
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
