Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two-vehicle crash occurred in the morning during daylight hours on a wet, two-lane, level, bituminous, straight roadway that runs north to south. The posted speed limit for this roadway was 40 kmph (25 mph). This roadway intersects with a wet, two-lane, level, straight, bituminous roadway that runs east to west. The speed limit for this roadway is 40 kmph (25 mph). This intersection is controlled by a stop sign. The eastbound and westbound lanes are the only lanes required to stop. It was raining at the time of the crash. Vehicle one (V1), a 2004 Chevrolet Cavalier driven by a 55 year-old female, was traveling westbound . Vehicle two (V2), a 2004 Jeep Cherokee driven by a 35 year-old female, was traveling southbound. As V1 entered the intersection, the front of V2 contacted the right side of V1. The driver of V1 was not injured and the driver of V2 was transported to a local medical facility with incapacitating injuries. V1 was towed due to damage and V2 was driven from the scene. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: this vehicle traveling, crossing over (passing through) intersection. The critical reason for the critical event was attributed to V1 as a driver related factor: inadequate surveillance (e.g., failed to look, looked but did not see. The driver stated that she has lost 40% of her hearing. She also stated that her view of V2 was obstructed by a building, a tree, and several parked vehicles. The scene inspection notes that those objects were present, but should not have caused a sightline issue for V2's approach. The driver looked, but did not see V2 prior to proceeding across the intersection. The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded: other vehicle encroachment from crossing street across path. Critical reason not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Driver Physical, Drugs, Surveillance, Weather/Environment present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Drugs, Weather/Environment present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Crossing over (passing through) intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From crossing street, across path

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Inadequate surveillance (e.g., failed to look, looked but did not see)
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
