Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two-vehicle crash occurred in a three-leg intersection. The east/west roadway is divided and straight. The north/south roadway (on the north side of the east/west roadway) is straight and has one lane in each direction. The westbound lanes have a 2.5% downgrade and consist of three through lanes and a left turn lane. The speed limit on this roadway is 64 kmph (40 mph). The southbound lane has a 4.1% downgrade, is controlled by a stop sign and the speed limit is 48 kmph (30 mph). It was dark with street lights on at the time of the crash and there were no adverse atmospheric conditions. A large van was parked off the roadway near the northeast corner of the intersection. Vehicle one (V1), a 1993 Jeep Cherokee, was westbound in lane two. Vehicle two (V2), a 1993 Lexus EC400, was southbound in lane one. V2 entered the intersection to turn left (eastbound). The front of V1 struck the left side of V2. The vehicles rotated and the right side of V1 struck the left side of V2. Both vehicles were towed due to damage. The driver of V1, a nineteen-year-old male, was traveling from his home to a store. He was healthy, well rested and familiar with his vehicle. This driver travels this route daily. After the crash the driver tested positive for: methamphetamines, cocaine and opiates in his system. This driver stated that he did not have time to make any avoidance maneuvers. The driver of V2, a nineteen-year-old female, refused to be interviewed. No further information is available for this driver. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded as "other vehicle encroachment; from crossing street, turning into opposite direction." The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event for V1 was "not coded to this vehicle." The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded as "this vehicle traveling; turning left at intersection." The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded as "driver related factor; type of driver error unknown."
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Drugs, Speed/Distance present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Decision present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Unknown

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From crossing street, turning into opposite direction
 2 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Turning left at intersection

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
 2 ：Driver Related Factor- Type of driver error unknown
