Case Summary:
1    Case Summary The crash occurred at an intersection in the northbound lanes of a three-lane, two-way, undivided highway. There was one southbound lane, one northbound left-turn lane, and one northbound through lane. The roadway had a posted speed limit of 89 kmph (55 mph) and a downhill grade level grade. Conditions were daylight and dry with clear skies. The crash occurred in the mid-morning hours on a weekday. Vehicle one was a 1995 Chevrolet C1500 pickup. Vehicle two was a 2004 Ford Explorer Sport Trac pickup. V1 was traveling east in the first lane of a two-lane roadway, approaching the intersection. V1 came to a stop at the stop sign. V2 was traveling north in the first lane. V1 proceeded to cross the intersection. The front of V1 struck the left side of V2. V2 rotated counterclockwise 70 degrees and then rolled right-side-leading four quarter turns coming to rest on its wheels on the northeast roadside. V1 came to rest partially off the roadway in the northeast corner of the intersection. V1 was driven by a 37-year old male who was injured. He stated that he had come to a stop at the intersection, and had some difficulty seeing to his right due to an abundance of signs on the roadside as well as a hillcrest further down the road to the south. He waited approximately 10 seconds for traffic to clear, and then proceeded to cross. He estimated his impact speed to be 5 mph. V1 was not towed. The Critical Precrash Event for V1 was this vehicle crossing over the intersection. The Critical Reason was inadequate surveillance. Associated factors included infrequent travel of this roadway only on a monthly basis. The signage on the roadside was also a distracting element and is considered an exterior distraction. V2 was driven by a 41-year old male who was transported to a local hospital with possible injuries. He was unable to be interviewed for the study as he referred me to his attorney who did not return my calls. The investigating officer estimated his travel and impact speeds to be 89 and 72 kmph (55 and 45 mph), respectively. V2 was towed due to damage. The Critical Precrash Event for V2 was other vehicle encroaching into the lane from a crossing street. No Critical Reason was coded to this driver. No associated factors could be coded to this driver.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Roadway, Surveillance present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Starting in traffic lane
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Crossing over (passing through) intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From crossing street, across path

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Inadequate surveillance (e.g., failed to look, looked but did not see)
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
