Case Summary:
1    Case Summary The two-vehicle crash occurred on a five-lane, divided, north/south roadway at the intersection with a three-lane, one-way, westbound roadway with a 2.6% uphill grade. There are three travel lanes for northbound traffic. Both roadways were straight, dry and of asphalt construction. Overhead traffic control lights control traffic at the intersection. The posted speed limit is 48 kmph (30 mph). Traffic was light at the time of the crash. This crash occurred during daylight hours with clear skies. Vehicle one (V1), a 2001 Mercury Grand Marquis, with one occupant, was northbound in the first travel lane. Vehicle two (V2), a 1977 Chevrolet Pick-up, with one occupant, was westbound in the second travel lane. V1 entered the intersection and the front of V1 impacted the left side of V2. V1 rotated counterclockwise and came to rest in the intersection facing north. V2 rotated clockwise and came to rest in the intersection facing northwest. V1 was towed from the scene; V2 was driven. Neither occupant was transported. The driver of V1, a fifty-one year old male, was heading from home to work. This driver had been driving for about twenty minutes, drives the route daily and is familiar with the vehicle. The driver stated he was stopped at the intersection, the light turned green and he entered the intersection. He did not notice V2 and did not attempt any evasive maneuvers. According to several witnesses following behind V1, the vehicle ran the red light and did not stop or slow down as it entered the collision intersection. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: other vehicle encroachment - from crossing street, across path. The critical reason was not coded to this vehicle. This driver failed to look to his right and notice V2. The driver of V2, a forty-nine year old male, was heading from home to work. This driver had been driving for about twenty-five minutes, drives the route daily and is familiar with the vehicle. The driver stated the light was green. He did not realized that V1 was not going to yield the right-of-way until just before entering the intersection. He failed to look to his left prior to entering the intersection. The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded: this vehicle traveling - crossing over (passing through) intersection. The critical reason for V2 was coded: inadequate surveillance (e. g., failed to look, looked but did not see).
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision, Drugs, Surveillance present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Driver Physical, Drugs, Surveillance present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From crossing street, across path
 2 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Crossing over (passing through) intersection

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
 2 ：Driver Related Factor- Inadequate surveillance (e.g., failed to look, looked but did not see)
