Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This crash occurred just after noon of a weekday in the northbound lanes of a divided (center median) two-way urban roadway. The northbound portion of the roadway consisted of two through lanes, a left turn lane, and a parking lane that becomes another travel lane during rush hour. The bituminous roadway was dry, straight and featured a slight downhill grade greater than 2%. The posted speed limit was 48kmph (30 mph). Traffic flow was normal and it was daylight but cloudy at the time of the crash. V1, a 2005 Nissan Altima, was northbound in lane two. V2, a 2006 Jeep Grand Cherokee, was also northbound in lane two behind V1. As V1 continued northbound it was struck in the rear by the front of V2. Both vehicles came to final rest in lane two near the point of impact. V1 was driven by a belted 27 year-old female who was on her way to work. She stated that she was driving normally when she was struck by V2. The driver did not sustain any injuries but V1 was towed due to damage. The Critical Precrash Event for V1 was coded other motor vehicle in lane, traveling in same direction with higher speed. The Critical Reason for the Critical Event was not coded to this vehicle. There are no associated factors coded to V1 and the driver was not thought to have contributed to the crash. V2 was driven by a 47 year-old male who declined to participate in the study. Neither the driver nor his dog in the back seat was injured and V2 was towed due to damage. The Critical Precrash Event for V2 was coded other motor vehicle in lane, traveling in same direction with lower steady speed. The Critical Reason for the Critical Event was coded as unknown. There were no associated factors coded to V2 as the driver refused to be interviewed.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:


Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Traveling in same direction with higher speed
 2 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Traveling in same direction with lower steady speed

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
 2 ：Unknown Reason - Unknown reason for critical event
