Case Summary:
1    Case Summary The two-vehicle crash occurred on an undivided, east/west roadway at the intersection with a two-lane, divided, north/south roadway. This roadway was straight, level, dry and of asphalt construction. There was road construction on the east/west roadway and there was one lane of traffic for each direction of travel. Overhead traffic control lights control traffic at the intersection. The posted speed limit is 48 kmph (30 mph). Traffic was heavy at the time of the crash. This crash occurred during daylight hours with clear skies. Vehicle one (V1), a 1996 Chevrolet Silverado, was westbound in lane one. Vehicle two (V2), a 1998 Mitsubishi Eclipse, was eastbound in the lane one. V1 entered the intersection, turning left, and the front struck the front of V2. V1 rotated counterclockwise and came to rest in the intersection facing southwest. V2 rotated clockwise and came to rest facing southeast in the intersection. Both vehicles were towed due to damage. The driver of V1, a twenty-four year old male, was heading home from work. This driver had been driving for about fifteen minutes, drives the route daily and is familiar with the vehicle. The driver stated the light was green and he believed that eastbound traffic had a red light. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: this vehicle traveling, turning left at intersection. The critical reason for V1 was coded as a driver related factor: false assumption of other's actions. The driver of V2, a thirty-six year old male, was heading home from work. This driver had been driving for about ten minutes, drives the route daily and is familiar with the vehicle. The driver stated the light was green. He did not realize that V1 was not going to yield the right-of-way until impact and did not attempt any evasive maneuvers. The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded: other vehicle encroachment-from opposite direction, over left lane line. The critical reason was not coded to this vehicle. The driver also falsely assumed that V1 would yield the right of way at the intersection.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision, Traffic present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Decision, Traffic present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Stopped in traffic lane
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Turning left at intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From opposite direction - over left lane line

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- False assumption of other's actions
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
