Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two-vehicle crash occurred mid-afternoon on a straight, dry, downhill, bituminous, six-lane (three lanes in each travel direction), median divided roadway. The median was a raised concrete curb. This roadway runs east/west. There were no adverse atmospheric conditions at the time of the crash. The speed limit is 72 kmph (45 mph). Vehicle one (V1), a 1999 Honda Accord was exiting a restaurant parking lot and entering the eastbound side of the roadway. The driver's intention was to cross all three eastbound lanes and turn around at the next intersection. Vehicle two (V2), a 1996 Toyota Camry, was traveling eastbound in lane three. As V1 made its lane change, the left side of V1 contacted the right side of V2. The driver of V2 attempted to avoid the crash by braking. Post impact, V2 contacted the raised median and rolled over. V2 rolled 2-quarter turns longitudinally towards the right and slid on its roof to final rest in the westbound lane of traffic. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: this vehicle traveling, over the lane line on left side of travel lane. The critical reason for the critical event was attributed to V1 as a driver related factor: inattention, due to talking on his cell phone. Inadequate surveillance and aggressive driving were coded as associative factors. The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded: other vehicle encroachment; from adjacent lane (same direction) - over right lane line. The critical reason was not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Aggressive Behavior, Cell Phone Use, Distraction, Surveillance present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Drugs present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Changing lanes
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Over the lane line on left side of travel lane
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From adjacent lane (same direction) - over right lane line

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Inattention (i.e., daydreaming)
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
