Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two-vehicle crash occurred during daylight conditions on an east/west roadway with ally access. The roadway consists of one travel lane in each direction, along with a bicycle lane and parking lane in each direction. The road is comprised of bituminous asphalt; it runs straight and level, with no noted deficiencies. Alley access is on both the north and south sides of the street. The alley roadway is comprised of concrete. At the time of the crash the weather condition was raining, and the roads were wet. The roadway speed limit is 48 kmph (30 mph). Vehicle one, a 2000 Mercury Sable with an unknown number of passengers, was traveling southbound in the north leg of the alley. As vehicle one reached the opening of the alley it attempted to turn left. Vehicle two, a 1985 Toyota Camry with an unknown number of passengers, was traveling westbound on the roadway. The front of vehicle two struck the left side of vehicle one. Bothe vehicles came to rest adjacent to the impact point. The police officer on scene stated that both drivers were transported to the hospital. Vehicle one was not towed, but vehicle two was towed due to damage. The critical pre-crash event for vehicle one was coded "this vehicle traveling-turning left at intersection." The critical reason was coded "type of driver error unknown". Neither driver was available for interview. The critical pre-crash event for vehicle two was coded "other vehicle encroachment-from crossing street, turning into opposite direction." The critical reason was not coded to vehicle two.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Weather/Environment present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Weather/Environment present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Accelerating in traffic lane
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Turning left at intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From crossing street, turning into opposite direction

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Type of driver error unknown
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
