Case Summary:
1    Case Summary The crash occurred in the westbound lane of a four-lane roadway with a median and a traffic control signal. Conditions were daylight and dry in the morning on a weekday. The posted speed limit was 80 KMPH (50 MPH). V1 was a 1997 Toyota Corolla sedan traveling westbound in the 1st travel lane approaching an intersection controlled by a traffic control signal intending on going straight. V2, a 2003 Nissan Altima sedan, was decelerating in the 1st travel lane for the amber traffic control signal. The front of V1 struck the back of V2 in the westbound lane. Both vehicles came to final rest facing westbound. A 26-year-old male who was not injured drove V1. He stated that he was in the right lane when the traffic control turned amber and he thought he had enough time to make a complete stop. The driver of V1 braked but was unable to avoid V2. V1 was traveling between 50-64 KMPH (31-40 MPH) at the time of impact. V1 was towed due to damage. The critical precrash event for V1 was other motor stopped. The critical reason for the critical precrash event was inadequate surveillance, failed to look far enough ahead. Associated factors coded to this driver were keeping up with traffic. A 78-year-old female who sustained moderate injuries and was transported drove V2 to a local hospital. She stated that she stopped for the amber light when she was struck in the back by V1. V2 was left at the scene. The critical precrash event for V2 was the other motor vehicle traveling in the same direction with higher speed. No critical reason for the critical precrash event was coded to this driver.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Speed/Distance, Surveillance present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Drugs present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Decelerating in traffic lane
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Other vehicle stopped
 2 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Traveling in same direction with higher speed

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Inadequate surveillance (e.g., failed to look, looked but did not see)
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
