Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two-vehicle daytime collision occurred mid-afternoon. The collision occurred on an east-west arterial roadway. The road consists of four lanes of two-way traffic paved with asphalt, with two lanes in each direction. The crash occurred west of the crest of a hill, with a downhill grade of -6% heading west. The speed limit for the roadway is 48 kmph (30 mph). Vehicle one (V1), a 1990 Honda Civic Hatchback, driven by an (unknown) was traveling east in lane two. Vehicle two (V2), a 1997 Toyota Camry sedan, driven by a 42 year-old female with one passenger was traveling west in lane two with a driver and a child in the center back seat. V1 crossed over the double-yellow line and the left front of V1 struck the left front of V2. V1 spun 300 degrees and came to rest facing northeast in the westbound lanes. V2 was deflected slightly south, and came to rest facing west-southwest in the center of the roadway. Both vehicles were towed due to disabling damage, and both occupants of V2 were transported to the hospital for observation. The driver of V1 fled the scene of the crash before any emergency personnel arrived. The driver of V2 stated that when V1 came across the yellow line, it happened so fast that she didn't have time to react. There was drug paraphernalia found in V1, and V1 had been reported stolen. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: this vehicle traveling, over the left lane line on left side of travel lane. The critical reason for the critical event was coded to V1 as a driver related factor: type of driver error unknown (e.g., driver fled scene). The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded: other vehicle encroachment; from opposite direction, over left lane line. The critical reason for the critical event was not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Distraction, Driver Fatigue, Driver Inexperience present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Over the lane line on left side of travel lane
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From opposite direction - over left lane line

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Type of driver error unknown
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
