Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This three-vehicle crash occurred just before noon during daylight hours at the intersection of a 5-lane through roadway east-west with a center left-turn lane and a 2-lane roadway north-south controlled by a stop sign. Both asphalt roadways are straight and level. The speed limit for the through street is 56 kmph (35 mph). Vehicle one (V1) a 1993 Mercury Tracer 4-door sedan driven by a 86 year-old female was traveling westbound in the center left-turn lane attempting to turn south after stopping for several minutes when the front right side plane was contacted by the front plane of Vehicle two (V2). V2 was a 1990 Oldsmobile Delta 88 sedan driven by a 47 year-old female that was traveling east in lane two. V1 after impact rotated counter-clockwise and with its front bumper and hood, contacted the front bumper of Vehicle three (V3) a 2000 Dodge Ram pickup driven by a 45 year-old female with one passenger. V3 had been stopped at the northbound stop sign. V1 and V3 came to rest at the area of impact. V2 rotated counter-clockwise and came to rest in the intersection. V1 was towed due to damage. V2 and V3 were driven from the scene. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: this vehicle traveling, turning left at intersection. The critical reason for the critical event was attributed to V1 as a driver related factor: inadequate surveillance (failed to look, looked but did not see). The driver was also thinking about a family problem. The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded: other vehicle encroachment; from opposite direction-over left lane line. The critical reason was not coded to this vehicle. V3 was not involved in first harmful event. The critical reason was not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision, Distraction, Drugs, Surveillance present problem 
Vehicle 3:  Driver Physical, Driver Stress/Emotion, Drugs present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Stopped in traffic lane
 2 ：Going straight
 3 ：Stopped in traffic lane

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Turning left at intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From opposite direction - over left lane line
 3 ：Other- Not involved first harmful event

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Inadequate surveillance (e.g., failed to look, looked but did not see)
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
 3 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
