Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This crash occurred shortly after noon involving one passenger car and one van at an intersection with stop signs. A speed limit for the roadway is not defined. The road is a 4-lane undivided one-way concrete roadway from east to west, and a 3-lane undivided one-way concrete roadway from north to south. The intersection is part of a service road area of an interstate highway. The road surface is concrete dry and there were no detrimental atmospheric conditions at the time of the crash. Vehicle one (V1), a 1995 Chevrolet Corsica driven by a 75 year old male, was traveling south in the number two lane stopped for the stop sign. Vehicle two (V2), a 1999 Ford E-350 Econoline Van driven by an unknown age/sex driver, was traveling east in the second lane, approaching the intersection. The front of V1 impacted the left side of V2. V1 rotated counter clockwise and moved into the eastbound lanes. V2 did only suffer sideswipe type damage and did not rotate. V2 continued to drive after the impact until the driver stopped the vehicle in the eastbound lanes. The critical pre crash event for V1 was coded: this vehicle traveling, crossing over passing through intersection. The critical reason for critical event was coded to V1 as a driver decision factor: other decision error (specified as: crossed with view obstructed by in-transport vehicle). The police report indicated that V2 didn't stop at proper place, which indicates that V2 had a similar sight line restriction. There was no interview obtained for the driver of V2. The critical pre crash event for V2 was coded: other vehicle encroachment; from crossing street, across path. The critical reason was not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision, Roadway, Surveillance present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Decision, Roadway, Surveillance present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Accelerating in traffic lane
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Crossing over (passing through) intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From crossing street, across path

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Other decision error (specify) :
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
