Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This crash occurred near a T-intersection of a 4-lane undivided east/west roadway and a 2-lane north/south roadway. The southbound road ended at the T-intersection and was divided by a grass median. The southbound roadway was controlled by a stop sign; the east/west roadway had no traffic control device. Both roadways were dry, straight, and level. The east/west roadway had a posted speed of 72 kmph (45 mph) and the north/south roadway had a posted speed of 40 kmph (25 mph). It was early on a weekday morning, and skies were clear. Traffic flow was light at this time of the morning. V1, a 2001 Chevy Impala sedan, was traveling on the southbound roadway and stopped at the stop sign with the intention of making a right turn. V2, a 1999 Acura 3.2 TL sedan, was traveling west in lane 1 intending to continue traveling west. The driver of V1 looked both ways and claimed that the way was clear to make a right turn onto the westbound roadway. Instead of turning into the first westbound lane, V1 swung out wide to enter the second westbound lane. Meanwhile, the driver of V2 observed V1 making the turn and changed lanes to the left to pass V1 and continue on. When V1 began turning directly into the second lane of travel, the driver of V2 attempted to pass V1 on the right. In the process of passing, the front left corner of V2 struck the right rear of V1 in a sideswipe-type impact. The two vehicles became locked together and skidded for 260 feet to final rest. V1 was driven by a 43-year old female. None of the passenger in this vehicle reported any injuries at the time of crash. The driver was on her way to drop her children off at daycare and then proceed to work. She insisted that she had plenty of time to get to both and was not in a hurry. She claimed that sun glare prevented her from seeing V2. Police investigation concluded that the landscape around the curve might have prevented the driver of V1 from properly seeing V2. The Critical Pre-Crash Event for V1 was "This vehicle traveling over the lane line on the left side of the travel lane." The Critical Reason for the Critical Event was not coded to the driver of V1; however, some associated factors were coded to the driver of V1. First, inadequate surveillance was coded to the driver of V1 - she looked but did not see V2. Also, the driver of V1 was coded as making an "other" decision error because she turned immediately into the second lane of travel rather than turning into the first lane of travel and then signaling a lane change into the second lane of travel. Other associated factors coded to this driver include the shrubbery on the side of the road (a sight restriction) and sun glare when looking east. Being in a hurry was also coded to the driver of V1 because during the interview she stated that she did not want to get stuck behind the bus and that she took a different route this morning. V2 was driven by a 24-year old male who reported injuries and was transported to the hospital. The driver was unsure of the exact speed he was traveling prior to the accident. The driver reported seeing V1 turning right onto the roadway and made an attempt to avoid a collision by steering around her. When he noticed V1 swinging wide into the second lane of travel, he attempted to go around V1 on the right; however, he was too close to V1 as he attempted the lane change and could not avoid the collision. The Critical Pre-Crash Even for V2 was "This vehicle traveling over the lane line on the right side of the travel lane." The Critical Reason for the Critical Pre-crash Event was coded as inadequate evasive action. It was believed that had the driver of V2 applied his brakes sooner, he could have avoided the crash. An associated factor coded to the driver of V2 was being in a hurry to get to work.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision, Driver Stress/Emotion, Roadway, Surveillance, Weather/Environment present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Decision, Driver Stress/Emotion present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Turning right
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Over the lane line on left side of travel lane
 2 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Over the lane line on right side of travel lane

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
 2 ：Driver Related Factor- Inadequate evasive action, e.g. braking only, not braking and steering
