Case Summary:
1    Case Summary The crash occurred at shortly after the noon hour on a two-way, two lane, undivided roadway The road was dry, traveled, level concrete. The posted speed limit is 48 kmph (30 mph). There were three involved vehicles that were part of a larger funeral procession. There were no adverse weather conditions. Vehicle one (V 1) a 1998 Chevrolet Tahoe SUV driven by a 27 year-old female with three passengers was southbound in the first travel lane. Vehicle two (V 2) a 2001 Lincoln Navigator driven by a 50 year-old male with one passenger was southbound in the first travel lane ahead of V 1. Vehicle three (V 3) a 2005 Chevrolet Malibu driven by a 22 year-old female with two passengers was southbound in the first travel lane ahead of V 2. V 2 and 3 came to a stop in the roadway ahead of V 1. The front of V 1 struck the back of V 2. V 2 was moved forward and the front struck the back of V 3. All three vehicles came to rest in the original travel lane, facing south. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: other motor vehicle in lane, other vehicle stopped. The critical reason was coded to the driver of V1 as a decision related factor: false assumptions of other road users actions. The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded: other motor vehicle in lane, traveling in same direction with higher speed. The Critical reason was not coded to this vehicle. V 3 was not involved in first harmful event. The Critical reason was not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision, Driver Inexperience, Driver Stress/Emotion, Drugs present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Driver Inexperience, Driver Stress/Emotion present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Stopped in traffic lane
 3 ：Stopped in traffic lane

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Other vehicle stopped
 2 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Traveling in same direction with higher speed
 3 ：Other- Not involved first harmful event

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- False assumption of other's actions
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
 3 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
