Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This single vehicle crash occurred late afternoon during daylight hours on a dry, straight, two-lane, on-ramp to a highway that had a large ice patch on it. The highway on-ramp consists of two through lanes that narrow into one through lane as it gets near the highway. The on-ramp runs northeast and southwest at this location. There is no posted speed limit on the ramp; however, the speed limit for the highway is 105 kph (65 mph). There were no adverse atmospheric conditions present at the time of the crash. Vehicle one (V1), a 2002 Jeep Wrangler, driven by a 49 year-old female was traveling northeast in lane two, when it lost control on a large ice patch that spanned over both lanes of traffic. Vehicle one began to fishtail and it departed the right side of the roadway. The driver over corrected to the left and began to rotate counterclockwise on a grassy shoulder covered in snow. As vehicle one re-entered the roadway its right side wheels contacted the pavement, between the dirt shoulder and paved shoulder, which caused vehicle one to roll to its right side. Vehicle one continued to rotate counterclockwise as it slid on its right side. It came to final rest in lane one of the on ramp on its right side facing southwest. V1 was towed from the scene. The pre-event movement for V1 coded accelerating in traffic lane, category this vehicle control loss due to poor road conditions (ice). Critical reason for the critical event coded environment related factor "slick roads".
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Driver Physical, Drugs, Roadway, Vision present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Accelerating in traffic lane

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Veh. Control Loss Due To:- Poor road conditions (puddle,pot hole,ice,etc.) (specify) :

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Environment Related Factor- Slick roads (low friction road surface due to ice, loose debris, any other cause)
