Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This crash occurred mid-afternoon, involving two passenger cars at an intersection with traffic lights. The speed limit for the roadway is 54 kmph (35 mph). The road is a 4-lane divided (no positive barrier) concrete roadway from south to north. It is a 2-lane undivided (two-way traffic) roadway from east to west. The east-west road intersects with the north-south road in a 60-degree angle. The polished asphalt road surface was dry and there were no detrimental atmospheric conditions at the time of the crash. Vehicle one (V1), a 1993 Dodge Ram pick up truck driven by a 47 year-old male with one passenger was traveling west in the first lane, crossing through the intersection of both roadways. Vehicle two (V2), a 1989 Cadillac Sedan Deville, driven by a 70 year-old male was traveling north in the second lane. The front of V1 impacted the front of V2. V rotated counter clockwise and moved into the southbound lanes. It came to rest north of the intersection in southbound lanes, facing west. V1 rotated clockwise after the impact, and moved north. It came to rest within the intersection, facing north. The drivers of V1 and V2 were transported to local medical facility, both vehicles were towed from the scene. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: this vehicle traveling, crossing over (passing through) intersection. The critical reason for the critical event was coded to V1 as a driver related factor: inadequate surveillance (e.g., failed to look, looked but did not see). The driver was looking straight ahead prior to the crash and failed to see V2 coming from his left. The driver also entered the intersection on a red light. The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded: other vehicle encroachment; from crossing street, across path. The critical reason was not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision, Distraction, Surveillance present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Surveillance present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Crossing over (passing through) intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From crossing street, across path

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Inadequate surveillance (e.g., failed to look, looked but did not see)
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
