Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two-vehicle crash occurred just past noon during daylight hours in a four-legged intersection. This intersection is in a rural area with stop signs controlling the east to west traffic lanes. Clear visibility and no adverse weather. The north to south roadway is on a downgrade of -8 percent with a wood fence on the right road edge blocking the view of the west travel lane. The east to west travel lanes have stop signs clearly posted. Vehicle one (V1), a 2001 Oldsmobile Aurora 4 door sedan driven by a 69 year-old female was traveling eastbound approaching this intersection. The driver was not familiar with this roadway and looking for a road sign at this intersection. As she entered this intersection, she failed to stop at the stop sign and was impacted on the left front fender by Vehicle two (V2) a 2002 Dodge Grand Caravan driven by a 44 year-old male with five passengers was traveling south approaching the intersection. V1 after impact rotated clockwise and came to a controlled stop off the west side road edge heading in a southerly direction. V2 came to final rest in the intersection. Both vehicles were towed from the scene. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: this vehicle traveling; crossing over (passing through) intersection. The critical reason for V1 was coded as a driver related factor: external distraction. An associative factors for V1: inadequate surveillance, and inattention. The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded: other vehicle encroachment; from crossing street, across path. The critical reason was not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision, Distraction, Driver Inexperience, Driver Performance, Drugs, Surveillance present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Crossing over (passing through) intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From crossing street, across path

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- External distraction
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
