Case Summary:
1    Case Summary The crash occurred in the weekday morning hours on a divided urban roadway with normal traffic flow. The roadway featured three dry, straight, and level northbound lanes with a posted speed of 72 kmph (45 mph). The crash occurred 40 meters north of a four-way intersection. V1, a 1996 Lincoln Town Car was northbound in lane one behind V2, a 2002 Jeep Cherokee. Both vehicles cleared the intersection and continued north when an unknown vehicle cut in front of V2 to turn into a gas station. V2 was able to stop in time, however V1 was unable to stop before impacting the back of the jeep. V1 was driven by a 75-year-old male who claimed to be in fair health but refused to answer questions regarding any illnesses or medications. He stated he tried to stop, but could not in time to prevent the crash. He was evaluated on scene to check for injuries from EMS but was not transported, but the Town car was towed due to damages. The Critical Precrash Event for V1 was coded as other motor vehicle in lane, other vehicle stopped. The Critical Reason was a recognition error, driver inattention.. Possible associative factors related to this driver are age related as he was in his mid seventies and refused to answer medical related questions. V2 was driven by a 33-year-old male in good health and wearing his prescription lenses that correct a myopic (near-sighted) condition. He stated that he was cut-off by an unknown vehicle and was able to stop in time and avoid hitting him, but was than struck from behind by V2. The driver was not injured and his car was driven from the scene. The Critical Precrash Event for V2 was coded other motor vehicle in lane, traveling in the same direction with higher speed. The Critical Reason was not coded to this vehicle. There were no associative factors related to this driver as he was not thought have contributed to the crash.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision, Distraction, Driver Fatigue present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Other vehicle stopped
 2 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Traveling in same direction with higher speed

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Inattention (i.e., daydreaming)
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
