Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This crash occurred during morning hours, involving two passenger cars and a pick-up truck at an intersection with traffic lights. The speed limit for the roadway is 54 kmph (35 mph). The road is a 4-lane divided (no positive barrier) concrete roadway from west to east. It is a three lane undivided (two-way traffic) from north to south. The road surface was dry and there were no detrimental atmospheric conditions at the time of the crash. Vehicle one (V1), a 2001 Dodge Stratus, driven by a 26 year-old female, was traveling east, attempting a left turn from the fourth lane of traffic at the intersection. Vehicle two (V2), a 2000 Honda Odyssey, driven by a 39 year-old female with five passengers, was traveling west in the first lane. Vehicle three (V3), a 2004 Ford F-150 pick up driven by a 48 year-old male, was stopped in the second lane of the southbound traffic lanes. When turning left at the intersection, the right side of V1 was struck by the front of V2. V1 rotated clockwise and moved further north. The left side of V1 struck the front left corner of V3. V1 came to rest in the northbound lanes, facing west. V2 came to rest within the intersection. V1 was towed from the scene. V2 & V3 were driven from the scene. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: this vehicle traveling, turning left at an intersection. The critical reason for the critical event was coded to V1 as a driver related factor: inadequate surveillance (e.g., failed to look, looked but did not see). The driver stated she never had the green arrow. By the time her light turned red, she was already too far into the intersection. The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded: other vehicle encroachment, from opposite direction - over the left lane line. No critical reason for the critical event was coded to this vehicle. The line of sight was limited for this driver as well. A non-contact vehicle to the left was also passing through the intersection. The critical reason was not coded to this vehicle. V3 was not involved in the first harmful event. The critical reason was not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision, Driver Inexperience, Surveillance present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Driver Inexperience present problem 
Vehicle 3:  Driver Inexperience present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Going straight
 3 ：Stopped in traffic lane

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Turning left at intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From opposite direction - over left lane line
 3 ：Other- Not involved first harmful event

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Inadequate surveillance (e.g., failed to look, looked but did not see)
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
 3 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
