Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two-vehicle intersection type crash occurred during early evening hours of darkness but the roadway was lighted. It occurred at an intersection controlled by overhead traffic signals that were functioning properly. There were no adverse traffic or atmospheric conditions present. The speed limit is 64 kmph (40mph), Vehicle one (V1). a 1997 Ford Mustang Convertible, was traveling east in the fourth lane of a four lane (seven lanes overall) divided (no positive barrier) roadway. The lane was a left turn lane located at an underpass of a highway. The traffic light at this intersection has a left turn only arrow for a protective turn that was not on at the time according to a witness. The signal was green for traffic turning left so the driver had to yield to oncoming traffic. Vehicle two (V2), a 1997 Ford Mustang Coupe, was traveling west in he second lane of a four lane (seven lanes overall) divided (no positive barrier) roadway. At the intersection V1 attempted to turn left when the front of V2 impacted the right side of V1. Both vehicles came to rest within the intersection. V1 was towed from the scene. V2 was driven to a nearby parking lot and was towed the next day. The driver of V1 is a 21-year-old female. She was going from her residence to do her laundry. At the time of the crash this driver was using the cellular phone talking to a friend. She saw the oncoming vehicle but she thought she had a protected left turn arrow and initiated the left turn. She decelerated but did not stop prior to entering the intersection. She is familiar with the vehicle and drives the route daily. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: this vehicle traveling; turning left at intersection. The critical reason was coded to V1 as a driver related factor: inattention (i.e., daydreaming). She was talking on her cellular phone and was not aware she did not have a protected left turn. Inadequate surveillance of traffic controls was an associative factor for this driver. The driver of V2, a 24-year-old female, could not be contacted for an interview. The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded: other vehicle encroachment; from opposite direction-over left lane line. The critical reason was not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Cell Phone Use, Decision, Distraction, Surveillance present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Decelerating in traffic lane
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Turning left at intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From opposite direction - over left lane line

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Inattention (i.e., daydreaming)
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
