Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This crash occurred on a weekday night in the southbound lanes of a high-occupancy, high volume interstate. There were five southbound lanes with paved emergency shoulders on both sides of the roadway. There were concrete barriers on both sides of the roadway. The bituminous roadway was dry, straight, and level with a posted speed limit of 105kmph (65mph). The traffic flow was normal and there were no adverse atmospheric conditions at the time of the crash. V1, an unidentified vehicle, was southbound in lane one traveling at an unknown speed. V2, a 1997 Toyota corolla, was southbound in lane two ahead of V1 traveling at 113kmph (70 mph). For unknown reasons V1 began to change lanes to the left into lane two. As V1 entered lane two his front left front corner made contact with the right rear of V2. The impact caused V2 to lose control of his vehicle and depart the roadway where he struck the concrete barrier with his right side causing his vehicle to roll left on quarter turn. V1 fled the scene without stopping. V1 fled the scene and could not be located. No subsequent information could be obtained regarding the either the vehicle or the driver. The Critical Precrash Event for V1 was coded this vehicle traveling, over the left lane line. The Critical Event was unknown as the driver fled the scene. There are no known associated factors for this V1 was the driver could not be interviewed nor the vehicle inspected. V2 was driven by a 23 year-old on his commute to work. He stated in the interview that he was driving to work with the cruise control on when all of the sudden was hit from behind by an unidentified vehicle. The impact caused him to lose control of the vehicle. He tried to correct the loss of control by steering left and hitting his brakes but was unable to regain control of the vehicle. The driver was treated on scene for non-incapacitating injuries and V2 was towed due to damage. The Critical Precrash Event for V2 was coded other vehicle encroachment, from the adjacent lane over the right lane. The Critical Reason was not coded to this vehicle. There were no associative factors related to the driver and he was not thought to have contributed to the crash.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 2:  Drugs present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Over the lane line on left side of travel lane
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From adjacent lane (same direction) - over right lane line

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Unknown Reason - Unknown reason for critical event
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
