Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two-vehicle crash occurred on a seven lane, divided, straight north/south roadway at the intersection of a two lane, undivided, straight east/west roadway. The westbound lanes have a positive grade while the northbound lanes have a negative grade. The northbound lanes consist of three through lanes and a left turn lane. The speed limit on this roadway is 56 kph (35 mph). This crash occurred during daylight hours with light traffic. There were no detrimental weather conditions at the time of the crash. East/west traffic is controlled by stop signs. Vehicle one (V1), a 1998 Ford Escort, was stopped westbound in lane one. Vehicle two (V2), a 2005 Honda Pilot, was northbound in lane three. V1 attempted to make a left turn across the path of V2 into the southbound lanes. The front of V1 struck the right of V2. Both vehicles moved in a northwesterly direction before coming to rest in the intersection facing northwest. V1 was towed due to damage. The driver of V1, a sixteen year-old female, was traveling from home to school. She was healthy, well rested and familiar with her vehicle. She drives this route daily. This driver stated that there was a bus stopped in the first northbound lane that obstructed her view of the northbound lanes. She did not see V2 prior to impact and attempted no evasive maneuvers. She had been stopped at the stop sign for more than ten seconds. She has been driving for less than 6 months. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded as "this vehicle traveling- turning left at intersection." The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded as "driver related factor; turned with obstructed view." This driver's inexperience was an associated factor in this crash. The driver of V2, a thirty-four year-old female, was traveling from home to work. She was healthy, well rested and familiar with her vehicle. She drives this route daily. This driver also stated that there was a bus stopped in the first northbound lane that obstructed her view of V1. The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded as "other vehicle encroachment- from crossing street, turning into opposite direction." The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event for V2 was "not coded to this vehicle."
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision, Driver Inexperience, Roadway present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Decision, Drugs, Roadway present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Stopped in traffic lane
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Turning left at intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From crossing street, turning into opposite direction

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Turned with obstructed view
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
