Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two-vehicle crash occurred mid-afternoon during daylight hours at an intersection. The north/south roadway is undivided with one lane going southbound and one lane going northbound. The intersecting roadway is a one-lane road that runs one way eastbound; this roadway is controlled by a stop sign. Road surface level, dry asphalt. The posted speed limit is 40 kmph (25 mph). Vehicle one (V 1), a Chevrolet Monte Carlo coupe (year unknown) with an unknown number occupants, was traveling eastbound through the intersection when it was struck on the right side by the front of V 2. Vehicle two (V 2), a 2003 Honda Accord coupe with one occupant, was traveling northbound when vehicle one passed through the intersection. After the first event V 1 rolled over left and coming to rest on its top on the side of the road. According to the police officer on scene the driver of V 1 fled the scene of the crash, and the driver of V 2 was taken to the hospital with unknown injuries. Both of the vehicles involved in the crash were towed due to damage. The critical pre-crash event for V 1 was coded: this vehicle traveling, crossing over (passing through) intersection. The critical reason was coded as: type of driver error unknown. This driver had a stop sign posted and failed to yield the right of way to V2, who had no traffic controls. It is unknown why the driver of V1 entered the intersection with insufficient clearance. There were no sight line restrictions for either driver. The critical pre-crash event for V 2 was coded: other vehicle encroachment; from crossing street, across path. The critical reason was not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Crossing over (passing through) intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From crossing street, across path

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Type of driver error unknown
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
