Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two-vehicle crash occurred on a five-lane, undivided, straight, level roadway. The speed limit on this roadway is 72 kmph (45 mph). This crash occurred during daylight hours and it was raining. Vehicle one (V1), a 2000 Jeep Cherokee, was westbound in lane two. Vehicle two (V2), a 2000 Toyota Rav4, was stopped westbound in lane two, waiting to turn left at a driveway. The driver of V1 noticed that V2 was stopped and applied the brakes. V1 slid on the wet pavement and the front struck the back of V2. The driver of V1, a twenty-year-old male, was traveling from a store to his home. He was well rested, healthy and familiar with his vehicle. He travels this roadway daily. The driver of V2, a twenty-six-year-old female, was traveling with a female passenger. No other information is available for this driver. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded as "other motor vehicle in lane; other vehicle stopped." The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded as "driver related factor; inadequate surveillance (e.g. failed to look, looked but did not see)." The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded as "other motor vehicle in lane; traveling in same direction with higher speed." The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event was not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision, Roadway, Surveillance, Weather/Environment present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Distraction, Roadway, Weather/Environment present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Other vehicle stopped
 2 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Traveling in same direction with higher speed

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Inadequate surveillance (e.g., failed to look, looked but did not see)
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
