Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This crash occurred during early afternoon daylight hours involving two passenger cars at a curved two-lane, two-way traffic undivided asphalt roadway. The speed limit for the roadway is 56 kmph (35 mph). The road surface was wet and there were no detrimental atmospheric conditions at the time of the crash. Vehicle one (V1), a 1997 Honda RAV 4 driven by a 18 year-old female was traveling south in the first lane, approaching right curvature. Vehicle two (V2), a 1994 Chevrolet S-10 Pick up driven by a 20 year-old male was traveling north in the first lane. While negotiating the curve, V1 drove the lane line to the left. The front of V1 impacted the left side of V2. V2 rotated counter clockwise departed the roadway. V2 rolled over onto its right side. V1 slightly rotated counter clockwise after the impact, and came to rest in the northbound lane, facing south. Both vehicles were towed from the scene. The driver of V1 suffered a light injury but refused treatment from the ambulance. The critical pre crash event for V1 was coded: this vehicle traveling, over the lane line on the left side of travel lane. The critical reason for the critical event was coded to V1 as a driver related factor: too fast for curve. The critical pre crash event for V2 was coded: other vehicle encroachment; from opposite direction - over left lane line. The critical reason was not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Driver Performance, Roadway, Speed/Distance present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Roadway present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Negotiating a curve
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Over the lane line on left side of travel lane
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From opposite direction - over left lane line

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Too fast for curve/turn
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
