Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two-vehicle crash occurred mid-morning during daylight hours in an intersection controlled by a tri-light control signal. There are two westbound travel lanes with a left turn lane. There is one eastbound lane also with a left turn lane. There are two northbound travel lanes and a left turn lane. The southbound side has two lanes on the north side plus a left turn lane. The southbound lanes merge to one lane on the south side of the intersection. The westbound lanes merge to one lane on the west side of the intersection. The speed limit for all directions is 56 kmph (35 mph). Vehicle one (V1) was a 1997 Acura Integra LS 2-door hatchback driven by a 35 year-old female who was traveling north in the number two lane going straight. Vehicle two (V2), a 1993 Toyota Previa LE 4x2 van driven by a 33 year-old female with one passenger, was traveling west in the number two lane going straight. V1 entered thew intersection when the front of V2 contacted V1's right side, after the impact both vehicles side slapped and V1 went off in a northwesterly direction. The front of V1 the struck a utility pole on the northwest corner of the intersection and came to final rest at that area of impact. V2 came to final rest in the intersection facing northwest. Both vehicles were towed from the scene. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: other vehicle encroachment; from crossing street - across path. The critical reason was not coded to this vehicle. The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded: this vehicle traveling; crossing over (passing through) intersection. The critical reason for the critical event was attributed to V2 as a driver related factor: illegal maneuver, for disregard of the traffic signal. A witness that was stopped facing eastbound for the traffic signal, observed V2 disregard the red light.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Distraction, Drugs present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Decision, Driver Performance, Surveillance present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From crossing street, across path
 2 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Crossing over (passing through) intersection

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
 2 ：Driver Related Factor- Illegal maneuver
