Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This three vehicle crash occurred just past noon during daylight hours at a 4-way ,intersection, on straight roadways, each level and bituminous. The intersection has five (5) travel lanes for east/west traffic and three (3) travel lanes for north/south traffic. The intersection is controlled by operating overhead traffic signals that were green for east/west traffic. There were no adverse environmental conditions. Vehicle one (V1) a 1989 Ford , 4x2, F150 Super Cab pickup, driven by a 53 year-old male with three passengers was traveling westbound in the #3 left turn lane, attempting to make a left turn. Vehicle two (V2) a 2002 Chrysler Grand Voyager mini van, driven by a 34 year-old female with three passengers was eastbound in the #2 lane going straight. Vehicle three (V3) a 2001 Chevrolet ,Extended Cab, quad-door,1500 4x4 pickup, driven by a 35 year-old female was northbound in the #1 lane, stopped for a red traffic light. V1 intended to turn right when the light change. V1 turned left across the path of V2. The driver of V2 attempted to avoid the crash by steering right and locking the brakes. V1 struck the right side of V2 and caused V2 to rotate counterclockwise, the bed of the pickup elevated over the right front hood and struck the right A-pillar, continued to rotate on the pavement and slid to final rest where it struck V3. The right rear corner of V1 struck the left front fender of V3, They were in contact at final rest and V1 was facing generally northwest. V1 and V2 were towed from the scene due to damage, V3 was driven from scene. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: this vehicle traveling, turning left at intersection. The critical reason for the critical event was coded to V1 as a driver related factor: Misjudgment of gap or other's speed. The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded: other vehicle encroachment; from opposite direction, over left lane line. The critical reason was not coded to this vehicle. V3 was not involved in first harmful event. The critical reason was not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision, Distraction, Surveillance present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Stopped in traffic lane
 2 ：Going straight
 3 ：Stopped in traffic lane

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Turning left at intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From opposite direction - over left lane line
 3 ：Other- Not involved first harmful event

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Misjudgment of gap or other's speed
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
 3 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
