Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two-vehicle crash occurred just past noon in a four-legged intersection on a straight, dry, bituminous, undivided roadway that runs east/west. Traffic flow is controlled by on-colors signal. The crash happened at the intersection with a state highway. There are five-lanes west of the intersection; three lanes for eastbound traffic consisting of a right turn lane, a through lane and a left turn lane. There are six lanes east of the intersection; four lanes for westbound traffic consist of a right turn lane, a through lane, and two left turn lanes. The speed limit is 48 kph (30 mph) and there were no adverse weather conditions present at the time. Vehicle one (V1), a 2003 Ford Focus ZX5, sedan driven by seventy-five-year-old female, was traveling west in lane three. Vehicle two (V2), a 1991 Buick LeSabre sedan driven by an eighteen-year-old, male was traveling east in lane two. Both vehicles entered the intersection, V1 intending to turn left and V2 intending to go straight. The front of V1 contacted the front of V2. Both vehicles came to rest at the point of impact in the middle of the intersection. V1 was facing southwest and V2 was facing east. Both vehicles were towed due to moderate frontal damage. The critical event for V1 was coded - this vehicle traveling turning left at intersection. Critical reason for the critical event coded driver related factor "inadequate surveillance." The critical event for V2 was coded - other vehicle encroachment from crossing street across path. Critical reason not coded to this vehicle. Associative factors associated with the driver of V1 - driver stated that she takes the medications Popchlor, Hydrochlorothiazide, Metoprolol, Sular, and Lisinopril; driver rarely drives (less than 5 times in the last three months), infrequent travel on this roadway, large vehicle turning in front of V1 may have partially blocked view.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Driver Inexperience, Driver Physical, Drugs, Surveillance, Vision present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Driver Physical, Vision present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Turning left at intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From crossing street, across path

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Inadequate surveillance (e.g., failed to look, looked but did not see)
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
