Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two-vehicle crash occurred on an eastbound four-lane city expressway. The eastbound roadway has a posted speed limit of 89 kmph (55 mph), is straight, level, uncontrolled, concrete and divided with a jersey barrier on the north side. The roadway has no visible deficiencies, shoulders on both sides, a wall on the south side of the expressway and is illuminated with street lights. This crash occurred during nighttime conditions with additional lighting. Vehicle one (V1), a 2003 Chevrolet Tahoe was eastbound in the fourth lane of the expressway. Vehicle two (V2), a 2005 Chevrolet Impala was eastbound in the second lane. V2, traveling slightly above the speed limit, changed lanes into the third travel lane safely before V1, also attempted to change lanes into lane three. The front right of V1 impacted the back rear of V2. V1 then veered left and the front left of V1 impacted the jersey barrier and then the back left impacted the wall. V1 was towed due to damage. V2 was not towed due to damage. The driver of V1, a twenty-year-old male was unable to be contacted for an interview. The driver of V2, a forty-four year-old male was heading home from a friends house at the time of the crash. This driver had been driving for about fifteen minutes at the time of the crash. This driver indicated that prior to the crash that he had check for traffic several times and then made the lane change maneuver. This driver indicated that he was in this lane for a few seconds before he was impacted. This driver drives this vehicle daily and over this road on a daily basis. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: this vehicle traveling, over the lane line on right side of travel lane. The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event was attributed to V1 and was coded as a driver related factor: type of driver error unknown. The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded: other vehicle encroachment; from adjacent lane (same direction) - over left lane line. The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event was not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:


Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Changing lanes

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Over the lane line on right side of travel lane
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From adjacent lane (same direction) - over left lane line

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Type of driver error unknown
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
