Case Summary:
1    Case Summary The crash involving two vehicles during daylight hours shortly after noon at the intersection of a two-way, four lane, undivided roadway and a two-way, four lane, undivided roadway. Both roads were dry, traveled, level concrete. The posted speed limit is 48 kmph (30 mph). Traffic was light at the time of the collision. There were no adverse weather conditions. Traffic flow was controlled by stop signs. Vehicle one (V1) a 2002 Cadillac Escalade was driven by a 25 year-old male was eastbound in the first travel lane. Vehicle two (V2) was a 1994 Toyota Camry driven by a 28 year-old male was southbound in the first travel lane. V 1 entered the intersection without the right of way and was struck on the left side by the front of V 2. V 1 rotated clockwise, departed the roadway and it's front struck a pole on the southeast corner. V 1 came to rest facing southeast at the second point of impact. V 2 rotated counterclockwise and came to rest facing southeast in the intersection. Both vehicles were towed from the scene, there were no reported injuries. The driver of V1 has a pre-existing heart condition and takes the medications: Diovan and Toprol-XL. He stated that he was listening to the radio/ CD player looked left and then right before proceeding into the intersection. He also stated he stopped prior to entering the intersection; however, this statement was discounted from other sources and indications are that he did not stop for the Stop sign. The pre-event movement for V 1 coded going straight, category this vehicle traveling, crossing over passing through intersection. The critical reason driver related "illegal maneuver" (failure to stop for traffic control device). Inadequate surveillance was also a factor for this driver as he looked but did not see V2. He made no avoidance actions for this collision. The pre-event movement for V 2 coded stopped in traffic lane, category "other vehicle encroachment from crossing street across path. The critical reason was not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision, Drugs, Surveillance present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Decision present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Stopped in traffic lane

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Crossing over (passing through) intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From crossing street, across path

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Illegal maneuver
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
