Case Summary:
1    Case Summary The crash occurred just before noon at the intersection of a two-way, four lane (seven overall), divided roadway without a positive barrier; and, a two-way, four lane (seven overall), divided roadway without a positive barrier. Involved in the crash were three vehicles, a pick-up truck, a passenger car and an ambulance. Both roads were dry, traveled asphalt. The east/west roadway was level the north/south roadway has a +4.1% grade. The posted speed limit is 56 kmph (35 mph).The traffic controlled by a traffic light. There were no adverse weather conditions. Vehicle one (V1), a 1998 GMC Sonoma driven by a 61 year-old male, was westbound in the fourth travel lane. Vehicle two (V2), a 2002 Toyota Corolla driven by a 26 year-old female, was eastbound in the second travel lane. V1 attempted a left turn without the right of way and was struck on the right side by the front of V2. V1 rotated clockwise and rolled over onto it's left side. The right side of V1 then struck the front of vehicle three (V3), began rotating counterclockwise and continued to roll on to it's roof. V1 came to rest on it's roof, facing northeast in the southbound lanes, south of the intersection. V2 rotated clockwise and came to rest facing east in the intersection. V3, a 2000 Ford E-350 ambulance driven by a 24 year-old male with two passengers, was stopped northbound in the fourth travel lane when V3 was struck on the front by V1. V3 did not move from the point of impact. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: this vehicle traveling, turning left at intersection. The critical reason for the critical event was coded to V1 as a driver related factor: inadequate surveillance (e.g., failed to look, looked but did not see). The driver didn't look far enough to the right and was unable to stop. The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded: other vehicle encroachment; from opposite direction - over left lane line. The critical reason for the critical event not coded to this vehicle. V3 was not involved in the first harmful event. The critical reason for the critical event not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision, Driver Fatigue, Drugs, Surveillance present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Decision present problem 
Vehicle 3:  Distraction present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Turning left
 2 ：Going straight
 3 ：Stopped in traffic lane

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Turning left at intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From opposite direction - over left lane line
 3 ：Other- Not involved first harmful event

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Inadequate surveillance (e.g., failed to look, looked but did not see)
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
 3 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
