Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This three-vehicle crash occurred on a jersey barrier-divided roadway. The westbound lanes curve to the right, have a downhill grade and consist of four through lanes. The speed limit on this roadway is 97 kmph (60 mph). Traffic was heavy at the time of the crash due to morning rush hour. This crash occurred during daylight hours with no adverse atmospheric conditions. Vehicle one (V1), a 2001 Chevrolet Prizm, was westbound in lane one. Vehicle two (V2), a 1998 Nissan Maxima, was stopped westbound in lane one. Vehicle three (V3), a 1998 Honda Accord, was stopped westbound in lane one in front of V2. The front of V1 struck the back of V2. V2 moved forward and the front struck the back of V3. V1 and V2 were towed due to damage. The driver of V1 was a twenty-six-year-old male. The driver of V2 was a forty-year-old female. The driver of V3 was a thirty-three-year-old female. All three drivers refused to be interviewed; no further information is available for these drivers. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded as "other motor vehicle in lane; other vehicle stopped." The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded as "driver related factor; type of driver error unknown." The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded as "other motor vehicle in lane; traveling in same direction with higher speed." The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event for V2 was "not coded to this vehicle." The critical pre-crash event for V3 was coded as "other; not involved first harmful event." The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event for V3 was "not coded to this vehicle."
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Traffic present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Traffic present problem 
Vehicle 3:  Traffic present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Negotiating a curve
 2 ：Negotiating a curve
 3 ：Negotiating a curve

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Other vehicle stopped
 2 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Traveling in same direction with higher speed
 3 ：Other- Not involved first harmful event

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Type of driver error unknown
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
 3 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
