Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This crash took place in the southbound lanes of a three lane divided roadway with a positive barrier. There were two southbound lanes and two turn lanes, the left turn lanes beginning 23 meters back from a traffic signal-controlled intersection. Conditions were daylight and dry in the late afternoon hours of a weekday. The roadway had a posted speed limit of 89 kmph (55 mph). V3, a 2002 Ford Escape and V2, a 2000 Mitsubishi Galant were both stopped for the traffic control signal in lane two respectively. V1, a 2000 Buick Regal was traveling south in lane two approaching the intersection at a high rate of speed. V1 was not able to stop before making contact to the rear of V2. V2 then made contact to the rear of V3 before an additional contact with V1. V1 was driven by a 26 year-old male who was not injured. The driver refused to be interviewed. The Critical Precrash Event for V1 is the other vehicle in lane stopped. The Critical Reason for the Critical Precrash Event is unknown. V2 was driven by a 39 year-old female who was transported with incapacitating injuries via helicopter. This driver refused to be interviewed. The Critical Precrash Event for V2 is the other motor vehicle in same lane traveling in same direction with higher speed. There is no Critical Reason coded to this vehicle. V2 was towed due to damage. V3 was driven by a 20 year-old male who was transported with possible injuries. This driver also refused to be interviewed. This vehicle was not involved in the first harmful event and was towed due to damage
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Aggressive Behavior, Decision, Speed/Distance present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Stopped in traffic lane
 3 ：Stopped in traffic lane

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Other vehicle stopped
 2 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Traveling in same direction with higher speed
 3 ：Other- Not involved first harmful event

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Unknown recognition error
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
 3 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
