Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two-vehicle crash occurred during daylight hours on a wet, left-curved, divided, uphill, four-lane roadway. The roadway runs north and south at the location of the crash and has two through lanes in each direction. The speed limit on the roadway is 72 kmph (45 mph) and it was raining at the time. Vehicle one (V1), a 1995 Isuzu Rodeo, was northbound in lane one. Vehicle two (V2), a 1994 Ford Bronco, was northbound in front of V1. V2 stopped for traffic that had stopped for a stalled vehicle. The driver of V1 braked, but slid on the wet road. The front of V1 struck the back of V2. Both vehicles came to rest in the travel lane. V1 was towed due to damage. The driver of V1, an eighteen-year-old female, was driving from picking up her brother from school to their home. She was well rested and familiar with the vehicle as well as the route. She was traveling under the speed limit but too fast for wet roadways. Her lack of experience driving on wet roads also contributed to the crash. The driver of V2, an eighteen-year-old male, was driving from work to his home. He was comfortable with both his vehicle and his route. He was attentive to his driving and was able to stop without striking the stopped vehicles in front of him. The critical pre-crash for V1 was coded: other motor vehicle in lane, other vehicle stopped. The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event was attributed to the driver of V1 and was coded as a driver related factor: too fast to be able to respond to unexpected actions of others (specified as: vehicle stopped ahead). The critical pre-crash for V2 was coded: other motor vehicle in lane, traveling in same direction with higher speed. The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event was not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Distraction, Drugs, Roadway, Speed/Distance, Surveillance, Traffic, Weather/Environment present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Drugs, Roadway, Traffic, Weather/Environment present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Negotiating a curve
 2 ：Negotiating a curve

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Other vehicle stopped
 2 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Traveling in same direction while decelerating

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Too fast to be able to respond to unexpected actions of others (specify) :
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
