Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two-vehicle collision occurred early morning on a four-way traffic signal controlled intersection with a posted speed of 56 kph (35 mph). The two-way, undivided, five-lane roadway was dark, but lit, concrete, straight, and wet from melting morning frost. Pre-crash roadway for both vehicles has a 5% slope, but collision occurred on the crest portion of roadway. Vehicle one (V1), a 1996 Nissan 200SX coupe driven by a 23 year old male, was traveling south in lane one with the intention of going straight. Vehicle two (V2), a 1991 Nissan Sentra sedan driven by a 19 year-old male, was traveling north in lane three with the intention of turning left. As V 1 approached intersection, a semi-trailer was turning left in front of V1 path and had just cleared V1's travel lane. V1 adjusted his speed to allow semi to get through intersection. Unfortunately, from behind semi-trailer, V2 was also turning left. V1 never saw this vehicle due to the sight restriction created by the semi. V1's left front contacted the front of V2. V2's driver attention was on the turning semi and not much else. After impact, V1 came to final rest at southwest corner of intersection. V2 was rotated counterclockwise and traveled south on west side of roadway were it came to final rest against a street sign located on the sidewalk. Both vehicles were towed due to damage, the driver of V2 was transported to a local medical facility. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: other vehicle encroachment; from opposite direction - over left lane line. The critical reason was not coded to this vehicle. The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded: this vehicle traveling, turning left at intersection. The critical reason for the critical event was coded to V1 as a driver related factor: inadequate surveillance (e.g., failed to look looked but did not see. Associative factors were V2's driver being focused on the turning semi-trailer caused an external distraction. Another factor, which affected both driver's, was the sight line restriction caused by the semi-trailer.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Distraction, Roadway, Surveillance, Weather/Environment present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Decision, Distraction, Roadway, Surveillance, Weather/Environment present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Stopped in traffic lane

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From opposite direction - over left lane line
 2 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Turning left at intersection

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
 2 ：Driver Related Factor- Inadequate surveillance (e.g., failed to look, looked but did not see)
