Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two vehicle daytime collision occurred during the mid-afternoon hours. The collision occurred heading southbound on a five lane undivided roadway. The pre-crash roadway for both vehicles is dry straight and level bituminous paving, with a sixth turn lane at the intersection preceding the crash. The roadway has a posted speed limit of 56 kmph (35 mph). The crash occurred in an intersection with traffic signals and pedestrian crossings. Vehicle one (V1), a 1990 Ford Probe driven by a 36 year-old female with two passengers, was traveling southbound on the roadway in lane 2. Vehicle two (V2), a 2000 Dodge Caravan driven by a 37 year-old female with eight passengers, was also traveling southbound in lane 2. V2 was stopped at a red light, The front of V1 struck the rear of V2. The driver and all eight passengers of V2 were transported for possible injury. The driver and passengers of V1 were also transported. V1 was towed due to damage. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: other vehicle in lane, other vehicle stopped. The critical reason for the critical event was attributed to V1 as a driver related factor: type of driver error unknown. There was no interview obtained with the driver of V1. The police reported that alcohol was a present for this driver. The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded: other motor vehicle in lane, traveling in same direction with higher speed. The critical reason for the critical event is not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Alcohol present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Stopped in traffic lane

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Other vehicle stopped
 2 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Traveling in same direction with higher speed

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Type of driver error unknown
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
