Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two-vehicle crash occurred on an undivided, four-lane, straight roadway near an intersection. The northbound lanes have a five percent uphill grade. The speed limit on this roadway is 64 kmph (40 mph). This crash occurred during daylight hours with no adverse atmospheric conditions. Vehicle one (V1), a 2003 Lexus LS430, was northbound in lane two. Vehicle two (V2), a 2000 Dodge Caravan, was northbound in lane two behind V1. V1 stopped to turn left at the intersection. The front of V2 struck the back of V1. Both vehicles were towed due to damage. The driver of V1, a seventy-six-year-old female, was traveling with a ninety-four-year-old female passenger, from a beauty salon to her home. She was well rested, healthy and comfortable with her vehicle and passenger. This driver travels this route weekly. The driver of V2, a fifty-five-year-old female, was traveling from a fast food restaurant to her home. She was well rested and familiar with her vehicle. She rarely drives on this roadway. This driver stated that she is bipolar and takes the medications Lexapro, Amantadine, Trazodone, Topomax, Clonapin, Adderall, Geodon, Allegra, Tricor, Premarin, Guaifenex, Zyrtec, Aciphex, Folbee, Fish Oil, Viactive Calcium, Glycolax, Optivar, Biotene, Acidophilus, Nasacort, Saline, Quinine Sulfate, and Astelin. This driver also stated that she was daydreaming about her evening plans at the time of the crash and did not realize that V1 was stopped until it was too late to make any avoidance maneuvers. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded as "other motor vehicle in lane; traveling in same direction with higher speed." The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event for V1 was "not coded to this vehicle." The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded as "other motor vehicle in lane; other vehicle stopped." The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded as "driver related factor; inattention (i.e. daydreaming)."
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Drugs present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Decision, Distraction, Driver Inexperience, Drugs, Surveillance present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Traveling in same direction with higher speed
 2 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Other vehicle stopped

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
 2 ：Driver Related Factor- Inattention (i.e., daydreaming)
