Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This crash occurred in the northbound lane of a five lane; two-way, non-divided roadway. There were two northbound and two southbound lanes with a center left turn lane for both directions. This was a straight, level, asphalt roadway with a posted speed limit of 56Kmh (35Mph). The crash occurred during daylight hours and there was no adverse conditions present at the time of the crash. V1 a 2002 Chevy Cavalier was facing south in the center turn lane stopped awaiting to make a left hand turn into a private parking lot. V2 a 1988 Buick LeSabre was traveling northbound in the right curb lane. V1 proceeded to make her left turn and V1' right front came in contact with V2's front in the right curb lane. V1, a 2002 Chevy Cavalier was driven by a 78yr old female who stated she was turning into the parking lot and looked to see if there were any cars coming and did not see any. She started to make her turn and turned right in front of the oncoming car and was hit. The Critical Pre-crash Event coded for V1 "turning left at intersection". The Critical Reason for the Critical Pre-crash Event was coded "inadequate surveillance". V2, a 1988 Buick LeSabre was driven by a 17yr old female who stated she was going to the store and a car turned right in front of her, she did not have time to react. The Critical Pre-crash Event coded for V2 is "other vehicle encroachment from opposite direction - over left lane line". The Critical Reason was not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Drugs, Surveillance present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Decelerating in traffic lane
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Turning left at intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From opposite direction - over left lane line

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Inadequate surveillance (e.g., failed to look, looked but did not see)
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
