Case Summary:
1    Case Summary The crash occurred in the early afternoon at an intersection of two one-way 4-lane asphalt roadways. The intersection was controlled by traffic signals. Both roadways were dry, straight, and level. The posted speed limit on both roadways was 56 kmph (35 mph). V1, a 1997 Ford Taurus, was traveling southbound approaching the intersection intending to go straight. V2, a 2000 Buick LeSabre, was traveling eastbound approaching the same intersection, also intending to go straight through the intersection. The driver of V1 was unfamiliar with the area and it was her first time on this road. She was looking for the expressway and did not see her traffic light turn red. The front of V1 contacted the left of V2. V2's undercarriage then struck the curb on the southeast corner of the intersection and its front then struck a fence before coming to final rest off the south side of the roadway. The driver of V1 was a 26-year old female who reported that she had been traveling between 67-80kmph (41-50mph) prior to the crash. She had no health-related problems and had taken no medications prior to the crash. She was rested and traveling to a restaurant. She was wearing her prescribed lenses that corrected a myopic (near-sighted) condition. She sustained minor injuries but refused treatment. The Critical Pre-crash Event for the driver of V1 was this vehicle crossing over (passing through) intersection. The Critical Reason for the Critical Pre-crash Event was a recognition error - external distraction, because the driver stated that she was looking for the expressway and did not see the light change. Associated factors coded to this driver include an illegal maneuver, unfamiliarity with the roadway, and traveling too fast for conditions (by her own admission, she was traveling 41-50 mph in a 35 mph zone). The driver of V2 was a 59-year old female who reported that she had been traveling between 34-48kmph (21-30mph) prior to the crash. She had a history of high blood pressure and had taken medication for it. She was rested and traveling to work. She was wearing her prescribed lenses that corrected a myopic (near-sighted) condition. She sustained minor injuries from the crash and was transported to a local trauma facility. The Critical Pre-crash Event for the driver of V2 was other vehicle encroachment, from crossing street, across path. The Critical Reason for the Critical Pre-crash Event was not coded to the driver of V2. Associated factors coded to this driver include a false assumption of other road user's actions, because she saw V1 and assumed that it would stop, and traveling too fast for conditions. The EDR revealed that 5 seconds prior to the crash, the driver of V2 was traveling 45 mph.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision, Distraction, Driver Inexperience present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Decision, Driver Physical, Drugs, Speed/Distance present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Crossing over (passing through) intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From crossing street, across path

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- External distraction
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
