Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This crash occurred in the center median of a four-lane, controlled access, interstate highway. The north/south highway consisted of two lanes in each direction divided by a wide grassy center median with a metal guardrail running down the center. The bituminous highway was dry, straight, and level with a posted speed limit of 113 kmph (70 mph). At the time of the mid-day, mid-week crash the weather was clear and the traffic volume was moderate. V1, a 2002 Ford Focus 4 door, was southbound in lane two of the above described roadway. As V1 began to pass a non-contact medium/heavy truck that was southbound in lane 1, the non-contact vehicle began encroaching into V1's lane. The driver of V1 steered left to avoid the truck; departed the highway to the left onto the median. The front left of V1 struck the median guardrail and rotated counterclockwise coming to rest in the median facing north-northeast. V1 was towed due to damage. The driver of V1, a 42-year-old female, was accompanied by 12-month-old female passenger in a child restraint in the backseat. She advised that she was traveling at the posted speed and was familiar with the roadway. She was not in a hurry and she was coming from work, which she had just resumed after a vacation. The Critical Precrash Event for V1 was coded this vehicle traveling off the edge of the road on the left side”. The Critical Reason for the Critical Pre-crash Event was incorrect evasive action. Even though she successfully avoided the medium/heavy truck, she over-steered which caused her to crash into the guardrail.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision, Vehicle present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Avoidance maneuver to a previous critical event

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Off the edge of the road on the left side

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Incorrect evasive action
