Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This three-vehicle collision occurred during early evening daylight hours. This occurred in an interchange area on an urban four lane lane, ramp section of the freeway that was under construction, which had two lanes in each direction separated by a positive jersey barrier.. The northbound pre-crash roadway was dry, traveled, concrete that curved very slightly to the right and was relatively level. The posted speed limit was 89 kmph (55 mph). There was heavy rush hour traffic at the time of the collision. There were no adverse weather conditions. Vehicle one (V1) is a 1999 Freightliner tractor with an attached trailer traveling northbound in the second lane driven by a 33 year-old male in good health. Vehicle two (V2) is a 2000 Toyota 4 Runner traveling northbound in the second lane driven by a 35 year-old female in good health. She was not in a hurry drives this same route daily. Vehicle three (V3) was a 1995 Chevrolet Silverado pick-up traveling northbound in the second lane driven by a 31 year-old male in good health. He also drives this route daily. V3 slowed to a stop because of forward traffic congestion. V2 slowed to a stop behind V3. V1 was unable to stop and it's front impacted the rear of V2. V2 was forced forward and it's front impacted the rear of V 3. All of the vehicles came to rest in the second lane, facing north. V2 was towed from the scene. V1 and V3 were driven from the scene. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: other motor vehicle in lane, other vehicle stopped. The critical reason for the critical event was coded to V1 as a driver related factor: external distraction. The driver of V1 stated that he was looking at a crash in southbound lanes. This driver also indicated he had a disagreement within the last 6 hours and was not upset. He assumed that traffic in front was going to continue to proceed forward when he looked to the left. It is unknown if he was familiar with the area or its traffic patterns, but he was very comfortable & familiar with his vehicle.. The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded: other motor vehicle in lane, traveling in same direction with higher speed. The critical reason was not coded to this vehicle. V3 was not involved in the first harmful event. The critical reason not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision, Distraction, Surveillance, Traffic present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Drugs, Traffic present problem 
Vehicle 3:  Distraction, Traffic present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Stopped in traffic lane
 3 ：Stopped in traffic lane

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Other vehicle stopped
 2 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Traveling in same direction with higher speed
 3 ：Other- Not involved first harmful event

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- External distraction
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
 3 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
