Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This is a two-vehicle crash that occurred in the intersection of a 7-lane non-divided roadway with a center left-turn lane and a 2-lane non-divided roadway. The intersection is controlled by a traffic control light with a pedestrian signal. The straight 7-lane asphalt roadway runs east and west and is slightly uphill for eastbound traffic with a speed limit of 35 mph (56 kph). The northbound 2-lane roadway is an exit road for a shopping center, is uphill, straight and has no statutory speed limit. The crash occurred during lunch hour congestion with no adverse weather or road conditions. Vehicle #1, a 1988 Toyota Camry, was eastbound in the #2 lane passing through the intersection while the light was red and with its front end plane, contacted the left side plane of Vehicle #2, a 1994 Toyota Camry. Vehicle #2 was beginning to turn left with a green light in the opposite direction of Vehicle #1. Both vehicles rotated clockwise and came to rest in the middle of the intersection. Both vehicles were towed due to damage. Both drivers and all occupants were transported, treated and released. The driver of Vehicle #1, a 52-year-old female, was elusive and not interviewed. She stated in the police report that she was not paying attention. The pre crash event movement for Vehicle #1 was coded 1, "going straight". The critical pre crash event was coded, "this vehicle traveling, crossing through intersection". The critical reason for the critical pre crash event was coded , "inattention". The driver of Vehicle #2, a 16-year-old female was returning to school from lunch with 2 of her friends. The pre crash event movement for Vehicle #2 was coded, "stopped in traffic lane". The critical pre crash event was coded, "other vehicle encroachment from crossing street, opposite direction". The critical reason was not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision, Distraction, Drugs, Traffic present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Driver Inexperience, Traffic present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Stopped in traffic lane

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Crossing over (passing through) intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From crossing street, turning into opposite direction

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Inattention (i.e., daydreaming)
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
