Case Summary:
1    Case Summary The crash occurred in the center of a four-way intersection composed of a two-lane north/southbound roadway, and a two-lane east/westbound roadway. All roadways were bituminous and level with posted speed limits of 80 kmph (50 mph). The north/southbound roadway was controlled by stop signs on each corner. It was early morning on a weekday. The roads were dry and the sky was cloudy. Traffic flow was light. V1, a 1999 Nissan Frontier with one occupant, was traveling north when it attempted to turn left at the intersection after observing the stop sign and struck V2 on the right side. V2, a 2004 International Model 4300 Box Truck with one occupant, was traveling east. V2 had completed his morning deliveries and was therefore carrying no cargo. As V2 passed through the intersection it was struck by V1 on the right side. V1, driven by a 71-year-old male who reported a complaint of pain in the chest and was transported, stated that he travels this route one month out of the year during hunting season. Driver stated that he stopped at the stop sign, and looking left he observed V2. He then looked right waiting for an opening in traffic. When an opening presented itself, the driver attempted his left turn without looking to his left again to see if it was still safe to proceed. V1 turned directly into the path of V2, striking V2 on the right side. V1 made no avoidance maneuver. The Critical Precrash Event for V1 was "this vehicle traveling-turning left at intersection". The Critical Reason for the Critical Event was "driver related factor- inadequate surveillance-failed to look to side". The following associated factor was assigned. V2, driven by a 30-year-old male who reported a complaint of pain in the back but was not transported, stated that he was traveling at approximately 80 kmph (50 mph) as he entered the intersection. As V2 came upon the intersection he saw V1 stop and then V1 entered the intersection. V2 turned left, leaving his travel lane, and applied his brakes in an attempt to avoid the collision with V1, but was unsuccessful. The Critical Precrash Event for V2 was "other vehicle encroachment-from crossing street, turning into opposite direction". No Critical Reason was coded to this vehicle. No associated factors were coded to this vehicle
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Driver Inexperience, Driver Physical, Drugs, Surveillance present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Stopped in traffic lane
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Turning left at intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From crossing street, turning into opposite direction

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Inadequate surveillance (e.g., failed to look, looked but did not see)
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
