Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two-vehicle crash occurred near an intersection on an undivided, straight, two-lane roadway. This roadway has a downhill grade in the northbound direction and the speed limit is 56 kmph (35 mph). This crash occurred during daylight hours with no adverse atmospheric conditions. Vehicle one (V1), a 1999 Ford F150 pickup, was northbound in lane one. Vehicle two (V2), a 1991 Cadillac Deville, was stopped in front of V1, waiting to turn left. The front of V1 struck the back of V2. V2 was towed due to damage. The driver of V1, a seventy-one-year-old male, was on his way from a restaurant to another city. He was healthy, well rested and familiar with his vehicle. He travels this route weekly. This driver stated that when he realized that V2 was stopped, he did not have enough time to avoid the crash. The driver of V2, a sixty-three-year-old male, was traveling with a fifty-five-year-old female passenger. This driver was not interviewed; no further information is available for this driver. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded as "other motor vehicle in lane; other vehicle stopped." The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded as "driver related factor; inadequate surveillance (e.g. failed to look, looked but did not see)." The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded as "other motor vehicle in lane; traveling in same direction with higher speed." The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event for V2 was "not coded to this vehicle."
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision, Speed/Distance, Surveillance present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Other vehicle stopped
 2 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Traveling in same direction with higher speed

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Inadequate surveillance (e.g., failed to look, looked but did not see)
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
