Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two vehicle crash occurred shortly before noon in daylight hours at an intersection without traffic lights. The speed limit for the roadway is 72 kmph (45 mph) for the eastbound lanes. The road is a 4-lane divided concrete roadway from west to east. It is a two lane (two-way traffic) parking lot exit from north to south. The road surface was dry and there were no detrimental atmospheric conditions at the time of the crash. Vehicle one (V1), a 2002 Honda Accord coupe driven by a 30 year-old female was traveling south in the first lane of traffic passing the intersection of both roadways with the intention to enter the southbound roadway. Vehicle two (V2), a 1994 Nissan Sentra sedan, driven by a 33 year-old female with two passengers was traveling east in the first lane. At the intersection of both roadways, the front of V1 impacted the left side of V2. V1 rotated counter clockwise. V2 rotated counter clockwise after the impact, and moved southeast. Both vehicles came to rest at the southeast corner the intersection. V1 was, facing southeast; V2 was facing northeast. V2 was pushed off the roadway. V1 was towed from the scene the driver was transported to a local medical facility. V2 was driven from the scene. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: this vehicle traveling, crossing over (passing through) intersection. The critical reason for the critical event was coded to V1 as a driver related factor: inadequate surveillance (e.g., failed to look, looked but did not see. The driver stated she looked to the left and immediately before the collision to the right. She was unable to see V2, despite looking to her right side. She was not able to say from what direction V2 came during the interview on scene. She initially told police V 2 came from the northbound street she was heading for. The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded: other vehicle encroachment, from crossing street- across path. The critical reason was not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision, Drugs, Surveillance present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Surveillance present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Negotiating a curve

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Crossing over (passing through) intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From crossing street, across path

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Inadequate surveillance (e.g., failed to look, looked but did not see)
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
