Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two-vehicle crash occurred during daylight hours in the middle of an intersection. The northbound roadway consists of three lanes including a left turn lane south of the intersection and three lanes north the intersection. The southbound roadway consists of three lanes north of the intersection including a left turn lane and two lanes south of the intersection. Both sides roadway also have bicycle lanes along the curbside, and are divided by traffic medians with positive barriers. The east/west roadway is a two lane, not physically divided two-way traffic, with one lane going in each direction. The surface is straight and level, made up of bituminous asphalt, with no visible deficiencies. At the time of the crash there were no adverse weather conditions, and the traffic control lights were functionally properly. The speed limit was 48 kmph (30 mph). Vehicle one, a 1998 Dodge Caravan was southbound in the first lane. Vehicle two, a 2006 Chevrolet Trailblazer was westbound in the first lane. The first event occurred when vehicle two was struck on its right side by the front of vehicle one. This caused vehicle two to head southwest, onto the curb, sideswiping a pole on its left side; contacting a sign with the front, and coming to a final rest. Vehicle one rotated in a clockwise direction and came to a final rest facing west. Both vehicles were towed due to damage. The driver of vehicle one, an unknown driver was not interviewed. The driver of vehicle two, an unknown driver was not interviewed. The critical pre-crash event for vehicle one is coded: this vehicle traveling; crossing over [passing through] intersection. The critical reason for critical pre-crash event for vehicle one is coded as a driver related factor: type of driver error unknown. The critical pre-crash event for vehicle two is coded as: other vehicle encroachment; from crossing street, across path. The critical reason for critical pre-crash event for vehicle two was coded: not coded to this vehicle. It was reasoned: since both vehicle's were traveling in straight paths and V1's front plane impacted V2's side plane that V1 imposed upon V2's travel and was assigned the critical reason.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:


Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Crossing over (passing through) intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From crossing street, across path

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Type of driver error unknown
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
