Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This crash occurred on a north/south, urban, two-way, three-lane, dry, bituminous roadway with no traffic controls. The posted speed limit was 56 kmph (35 mph). It occurred during daylight late in the afternoon and there were no adverse atmospheric conditions. Several non-contact vehicles had stopped ahead of the crash area for a traffic signal one block further north. Vehicle one (V1), a 1991 Honda Accord was traveling north in the number one lane. Vehicle two (V2), a 1985 Honda Prelude was stopped ahead of V1 for 3-5 seconds. The front of V1 impacted the rear of V2. V1 was towed due to damage. V2 was not towed due to damage. The driver of V1, a twenty-year-old female was traveling from her home to the mall. This driver is not employed and normally sleeps nine hours per day, waking feeling fatigue. She had been awake for eight hours and nineteen minutes at the time of the crash and felt rested at the beginning of this trip. She travels this route often and was conversing with her passengers and listening to the radio. The driver of V2, a twenty-five-year-old male was traveling from his home to an unknown location. He was well rested and was familiar with this route. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: other motor vehicle in lane, other vehicle stopped. The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded as a driver related factor: inattention (i.e., daydreaming). This was due to conversing with passenger. The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded: other vehicle in traffic lane, traveling in same direction with higher speed. The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event for V2 was not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision, Distraction, Driver Performance, Surveillance present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Distraction present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Stopped in traffic lane

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Other vehicle stopped
 2 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Traveling in same direction with higher speed

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Inattention (i.e., daydreaming)
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
