Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two-vehicle crash occurred at noon on a physically divided seven lane state highway approaching a light controlled intersection with pedestrian lights. The highway runs north and south at the location of the crash. Northbound traffic consisted of a right turn lane and two through lanes. The speed limit on the highway is 64 kph (40 mph) and there were no adverse weather conditions at the time. Vehicle one, a 1998 Nissan Sentra 200SX coupe driven by a 26 year-old female was traveling northbound in lane two, the right through lane going straight. Vehicle two a 1994 Chevrolet Silverado pickup driven by a 43 year-old male with one passenger was traveling northbound in front of vehicle one and stopped behind stopped traffic at a red light. The front of V1 impacted the rear of V2. V1 rotated slightly counter clockwise and came to rest at impact on its wheels facing northwest in lane two. V2 was pushed forward and came to rest on its wheels facing north in lane two. Vehicle one was towed from the scene due to moderate frontal damage. The pre-event movement for V1 coded going straight, category other motor vehicle in lane stopped. Critical reason for the critical event coded driver related factor "inattention". The pre-event movement for V2 coded stopped in traffic lane, category other motor vehicle in lane traveling in same direction with higher speed. Critical reason not coded to this vehicle. Note:The driver of V1 does not remember what happened in the crash. She does however remember being stopped in back of V2 at a previous intersection at a red light. The driver also remembers after they left the light, V2 was about four car lengths in front of her and the next thing she remembers is the airbag in her face.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Distraction, Drugs, Surveillance present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Stopped in traffic lane

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Other vehicle stopped
 2 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Traveling in same direction with higher speed

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Inattention (i.e., daydreaming)
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
