Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This one-vehicle crash occurred on a northbound, four-lane expressway. To the left (west) of the roadway was a short concrete median that separated this section from the southbound section. On the right (east) side of the roadway was an off-ramp. At the time of the crash, heavy rain and sleet was falling, causing large puddles to form in the left (fourth) lane. The speed limit on the expressway was 72 kph (45 mph). Vehicle one, a 2002 Chevrolet Cavalier was traveling northbound in the fourth lane. The driver of V1 stated that a vehicle traveling in the opposite direction vehicle on the other side of the concrete median hit a large puddle causing water to splash onto her windshield. The driver of vehicle one decided she wanted to change lanes to the right but couldn't due to the location of another vehicle in the next lane. Vehicle one then drove through a large puddle in the left lane, causing the vehicle to hydroplane. The vehicle rotated counterclockwise and traveled to the right across all four lanes. The vehicle departed the roadway, just north of the exit ramp and struck a light pole with its back end. The vehicle came to rest against the pole facing southwest. Vehicle one was towed due to damage. The driver of vehicle one, a twenty-one year old female was heading to school after dropping a friend off at the airport. This driver had been driving for about forty-five minutes at the time of the crash. This driver was taking Motrin as a medication. This driver indicated that when the water splashed her windshield she wanted to make a move to another lane but could not and was focused on the water and her location when her vehicle drove through the large puddle. This driver drives this vehicle daily and over this road on a daily basis. The critical pre-crash event for vehicle one was coded as “this vehicle control loss due to: Poor road conditions (large puddle in road)”. The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event was coded to vehicle one as “driver related error: external distraction”.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Distraction, Driver Stress/Emotion, Drugs, Roadway, Speed/Distance, Weather/Environment present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Veh. Control Loss Due To:- Poor road conditions (puddle,pot hole,ice,etc.) (specify) :

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- External distraction
