Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two-vehicle crash occurred at dusk. The crash occurred on a dry, five-lane, divided, bituminous, state highway approaching a light controlled intersection. The highway runs north and south at the location of the crash with two through lanes for southbound traffic. At this location there is a seven percent uphill grade. The speed limit on the highway is 64 kmph (45 mph) and there were no adverse atmospheric conditions present. Vehicle one (V1), a 1999 Chrysler Concorde Lxi sedan driven by a 67 year-old male was traveling southbound in lane two. Vehicle two (V2), a 1998 Mercedes-Benz ML-320 SUV driven by a 49 year-old female was traveling southbound in lane two, just in front of the Chrysler. Vehicle two began slowing for traffic at an approaching intersection. The front of the Chrysler impacted the back of the Mercedes-Benz. The Chrysler under rode the Mercedes-Benz. Both vehicles came to rest facing southbound in lane two, with the front end of the Chrysler underneath the back of the Mercedes-Benz. Vehicle one was towed due to moderate frontal damage. Vehicle two was not towed. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: other motor vehicle in lane, traveling in same direction while decelerating. The critical reason for the critical event was attributed to V1 and was coded as a driver related factor: following too closely to respond to unexpected actions. The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded: other motor vehicle in lane, traveling in same direction with higher speed. The critical reason for the critical event was not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision, Drugs, Traffic present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Traffic present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Traveling in same direction while decelerating
 2 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Traveling in same direction with higher speed

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Following too closely to respond to unexpected actions
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
