Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This three vehicle daytime crash occurred just past noon. The collision occurred on east and westbound travel lanes. The roadway consists of two-lanes each way with a 0% grade at point of impact. The pre-crash roadway for eastbound traffic is level and has a curve warning sign. The pre-crash roadway for westbound traffic has a 7% positive grade with curvature to the right. There are raised Bott dots down the centerline of the asphalt roadway. Travel lanes were wet, free of congestion/sight restrictions, and road deficiencies at the time of the collision. Both roadways have a posted speed limit of 48 kmph (30 mph). Vehicle one (V1), a 1998 Dodge Caravan, driven by a 78 year-old male was traveling westbound in the number two lane. Vehicle two (V2), a 1998 Volkswagen Golf, driven by a 35 year-old female and Vehicle three (V3), a 1994 Toyota P/U driven by a 54 year-old male, were traveling eastbound. As V1 negotiated the right curve, it crossed over the centerline into lane two of the eastbound lanes. V1 sideswiped V2 as V2 swerved to the right into lane one to try and avoid the collision. The left front corner of V1 impacted V2 at the left rear wheel and wheel well. After impact the driver of V2 pulled over into lane one and brought the vehicle to a stop. V1 continued traveling westbound in the eastbound lane and struck V3. V3 saw V2 swerve but did not see V1 until it was too late. V3 tried to swerve to the right without locking his brakes but there was not enough time to complete the avoidance maneuver. The left front corner of V1 impacted the left front corner of V3. Both V1 and V3 came to rest in the roadway and were towed due to damage. V2 was not towed. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: this vehicle traveling, over the lane line on the left side of travel lane. The critical reason for the critical event was coded to V1 as a driver related factor: poor directional control (e.g., failed to control vehicle with skill ordinarily expected). Prior to departing the travel lane to the left, the driver had focused his attention on a vehicle to his forward-right direction in the adjacent travel lane. The driver failed to maintain control of his vehicle within his travel lane, which made the situation critical. The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded: other motor vehicle in lane traveling in opposite direction. The critical reason was not coded to this vehicle. V3 was not involved in first harmful event. The critical reason was not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Distraction, Driver Inexperience, Driver Performance, Drugs, Roadway, Surveillance, Weather/Environment present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Driver Inexperience, Roadway, Weather/Environment present problem 
Vehicle 3:  Drugs, Roadway, Weather/Environment present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Negotiating a curve
 2 ：Going straight
 3 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Over the lane line on left side of travel lane
 2 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Traveling in opposite direction
 3 ：Other- Not involved first harmful event

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Poor directional control (e.g., failing to control vehicle with skill ordinarily expected)
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
 3 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
