Case Summary:
1    Case Summary The two-vehicle rear-end crash occurred on a two-lane, one-way, westbound roadway at the intersection with a seven-lane, divided, north/south roadway. The roadway was straight, level, wet with an asphalt surface. Overhead traffic control lights control traffic at the intersection. The posted speed limit is 56 kph (35 mph). Traffic was light at the time of the crash. This crash occurred during morning daylight hours with a light rain falling. Vehicle two (V2), a 2005 Chevrolet Colorado, with four occupants, was stopped in lane one facing west, waiting for the traffic signal to turn green for his direction of travel. Vehicle one (V1), a 2007 Ford Taurus, with one occupant, was westbound in the first travel lane, approaching the intersection. The front of V1 struck the back of V2. V1 and V2 came to rest in lane one facing west. V1 was towed due to damage. The driver of V1, an eighteen year-old male, was heading home from taking his mother to work. This driver had been driving for about ten minutes and drives the route weekly. He had rented the vehicle earlier that day and claimed to be comfortable with the vehicle. He was listening to the radio at the time. The driver stated he applied the brakes and steered to the right in an attempt to avoid the crash. The police report indicated that this driver was not attentive to the driving task. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: other motor vehicle in lane-other vehicle stopped. The critical reason for V1 was coded: driver related factor - inattention. The driver of V2, a thirty-eight year old male, was heading from home to a friend's residence. This driver had been driving for about ten minutes, drives the route weekly and is familiar with the vehicle. The driver stated he had stopped at the red light and when he looked into his rearview mirror he saw V1. He did not attempt any evasive maneuvers. The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded: other motor vehicle in lane-traveling in the same direction with higher speed. The critical reason for V2 was coded: not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Distraction, Roadway, Weather/Environment present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Roadway, Weather/Environment present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Other vehicle stopped
 2 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Traveling in same direction with higher speed

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Inattention (i.e., daydreaming)
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
