Case Summary:
1    Case Summary The crash occurred on the roadside of the westbound lanes of a three-lane east/westbound roadway. The roadway was bituminous and level, with a posted speed limit of 72 kmph (45 mph). It was night on a weekday. The roads were dry and the sky was clear. Traffic flow was light. V1, a 2000 Toyota Sienna with two occupants, was traveling west approximately ½ mile from the scene of a previous crash where V1 struck another vehicle and left the scene. V1 then departed the roadway on the right hand side, striking a traffic sign, a utility pole and a fence before coming to rest. V2, a 2005 Dodge Ram pickup truck with one occupant, was traveling east when the falling power lines from the pole struck by V1 struck the roof of the vehicle causing minor damage. V1, driven by a 16-year-old female her passenger, a 50-year-old female that were both transported to the hospital. She had been involved in a motor vehicle crash a few minutes earlier where the airbags had deployed and she became disoriented and panicked, leaving the scene of the crash. The driver also stated that her passenger had lost consciousness and she was trying to revive her while she continued to travel westbound. At this time V1 drifted off the roadway to the right. The driver stated that she attempted to stop but the brakes seemed to not be functioning correctly and she struck a traffic sign, continued west until striking a utility pole at which time V1 spun counterclockwise and struck a fence before coming to rest. The Critical Precrash Event for V1 was "this vehicle traveling-off the edge of the road on the right side". The Critical Reason for the Critical Precrash Event was "driver related factor- internal distraction". The driver was focused on attempting to communicate and/or revive her passenger. The following associated factors were assigned; driver inattention, conversing with passenger, looking at movement/actions of other occupants, panic/freezing, poor directional control and inexperienced driver. V2, driven by a 43-year-old male who reported no injuries, stated to law enforcement personnel that he was traveling east when the power lines from the utility pole stuck by V1 fell and contacted the roof of his truck. V2 made no avoidance maneuver. The Critical Precrash Event for V2 was "not involved in first harmful event". No Critical Reason was coded to this vehicle. No associated factors were coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Distraction, Driver Inexperience, Driver Performance, Driver Stress/Emotion present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Negotiating a curve

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Off the edge of the road on the right side
 2 ：Other- Not involved first harmful event

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Internal distraction
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
