Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This three-vehicle crash occurred on a north/south, four lane, undivided, straight, level, roadway with a speed limit of 48 kph (30 mph). The roadway intersects an east/west, two lane, undivided, level roadway. There were no traffic control devices for northbound/southbound traffic at the intersection. This crash occurred during daylight hours with light traffic. There were no adverse weather conditions at the time of the crash. Vehicle one (V1), a 2005 Nissan Sentra with one occupant, was southbound in lane two. Vehicle two (V2), a 2006 Nissan Frontier with one occupant, was stopped northbound in lane two waiting for oncoming traffic to clear to make a left turn at the intersection. Vehicle three (V3), a 1995 Ford Escort with one occupant, was stopped northbound in lane two behind V2. V1 drifted over the centerline and the front struck the left side of V2 and V3. V1 and V2 were towed due to damage. V3 was driven from the scene without disabling damage. The driver of V1, a forty-nine year-old male, was traveling from work to home. He was in good health and comfortable with his vehicle. He stated that he sleeps only 5 hours per night. He drives this route daily. This driver stated that he was unsure of how the accident occurred. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded as "this vehicle traveling; over the lane line on the left side of travel lane." The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded as "driver related factor; type of driver error unknown." The driver of V2, a forty-four year-old male, was traveling from work to a supplier's business. He was well rested, in good health and comfortable with his vehicle. He drives this route rarely. The driver stated that he had been stopped at the intersection for more than 10 seconds when the collision occurred. This driver also stated that when he saw V1 begin to drift toward him, he noticed the driver of V1 appeared to be looking down and toward the right of the interior of his vehicle. The pre-event movement for V2 was coded as "stopped in traffic lane." The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded as "other vehicle encroachment; from opposite direction-over left lane line." The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event for V2 was "not coded to this vehicle." The driver of V3, a forty-four year-old female, was traveling from home to her son's residence. She was well rested, in good health and comfortable with her vehicle. She drives this route daily. The driver stated that she had been stopped behind V2 for 1-2 seconds when the collision occurred. The critical pre-crash event for V3 was coded as "other; not involved in first harmful event." The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event for V3 was "not coded to this vehicle."
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Distraction, Driver Fatigue present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Driver Inexperience, Drugs present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Stopped in traffic lane
 3 ：Stopped in traffic lane

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Over the lane line on left side of travel lane
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From opposite direction - over left lane line
 3 ：Other- Not involved first harmful event

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Type of driver error unknown
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
 3 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
