Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This three-vehicle crash occurred during early morning daylight hours on a straight, dry, bituminous, undivided, six-lane east-west roadway at a on-colors controlled intersection with a straight, dry, bituminous, four-lane roadway north-south. The speed limit for east/west traffic is 64 kmph (40 mph) and the speed limit for north/south traffic is 56 kmph (35 mph). There were no adverse weather conditions present at the time. Vehicle one (V1), a 2000 Honda Civic sedan driven by a 26 year old female with two passengers was traveling west in lane two, Vehicle two (V2), a 2003 Ford Crown Victoria Police Interceptor driven by a 46 year-old male was traveling south in lane one. Vehicle three (V3), a 2002 Isuzu Rodeo SUV Driven by a 22 year old female was stopped eastbound, at a red light, in lane one. V1 and V2 entered the intersection at the same time, and the front of V1 contacted the left side of V2. V1 rotated counterclockwise and V2 rotated clockwise. The vehicles side slapped, V1's right side contacting V2's left side. V2 continued to rotate clockwise and came to final rest in westbound lane one and two, facing northwest. V1 continued to rotate counterclockwise and traveled southwest across the intersection. The front of V1 then contacted the left side of V3. V3 rotated clockwise and came to rest in lane one of eastbound traffic facing southeast. V1 came to rest against V3 facing southwest. All three vehicles were towed from the scene. The driver of V1 was commuting from home to work. She did not observe V2's presence until just prior to impact. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: this vehicle traveling, crossing over (passing through) intersection. The critical reason for the critical event was coded to V1 as a driver related factor: inadequate surveillance (e.g., failed to look, looked but did not see), for failure to see traffic control. Additional factors for V1 were and illegal maneuver and inattentive, the reason for the inattention is unknown Prior to the collision the driver of V2 was looking at a bicyclist to their right, an exterior distraction. They were on their morning commute from home to work. The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded: other vehicle encroachment: from crossing street, across path. The critical reason was not coded to this vehicle. V3 was not involved in first harmful event. The critical reason was not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision, Distraction, Surveillance present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Distraction, Driver Physical present problem 
Vehicle 3:  Driver Physical present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Going straight
 3 ：Stopped in traffic lane

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Crossing over (passing through) intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From crossing street, across path
 3 ：Other- Not involved first harmful event

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Inadequate surveillance (e.g., failed to look, looked but did not see)
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
 3 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
