Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This five-vehicle crash occurred on a six-lane roadway. This roadway is divided with a grass median with three-lanes in each direction. The crash occurred on the southbound lanes, which are straight and level. The speed limit on the roadway is 72 kph (45 mph). This crash occurred during daylight hours with no adverse atmospheric conditions. Vehicle one (V1), a 1983 Oldsmobile 88, was southbound in lane one traveling at approximately 72 kmph (45 mph). V1 changed lanes from lane one to lane two. Vehicle two (V2), a 2001 Chevrolet C1500, was stopped southbound in the second lane ahead of V1. Vehicle three (V3), a 2005 Volvo S40 was stopped in the southbound second lane ahead of V2. Vehicle four (V4), a 1997 Toyota Camry was stopped ahead of V3 in the second lane. Vehicle five (V5), a 2001 Ford F-250 was stopped in the second lane ahead of V4. The front of V1 impacted the rear of V2. The front of V2 impacted the rear of V3. The front of V3 impacted the rear of V4. The front of V4 impacted the rear of V5. All five vehicles came to rest in the second lane. V1 was towed due to damage. No other vehicle was towed due to damage. The driver of V1, a nineteen-year-old male, was southbound in the first lane. This driver saw that traffic in the second lane was still moving and changed lanes to the second lane. The traffic in the second lane stopped and the driver of V1 did not see the traffic stop. This driver had been driving for about thirty minutes on this trip. This driver had eleven hours of sleep the previous night and had been up for seven hours at the time of the crash. Fatigue is not considered a factor. This driver drives this vehicle daily and over this road daily. The tires of vehicle one all had a low tread depth. In his interview, this driver indicated that the condition of his tires were in moderate condition. The driver of V2, a twenty-three year old male was stopped in the second lane. This driver had been driving for about fifteen minutes on this trip home. This driver had slept for eight and one half hours the previous night and had been up for eleven hours at the time of the crash. Fatigue is not considered a factor for this driver. This driver drives this vehicle daily and over this road daily. The driver of V3, a twenty-year old female was not interviewed. There is no known sleep or work information for this driver. This driver is a student at the local university. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: other motor vehicle in lane, other vehicle stopped. The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded as a driver related factor: inadequate surveillance (e.g. failed to look, looked but did not see). An aggressive driving behavior of changing lanes was also coded for this driver. The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded: other vehicle in lane, traveling in same direction with higher speed. The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event for vehicle two was not coded to this vehicle. V3 was not involved in first harmful event, and the critical reason was not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Aggressive Behavior, Surveillance, Vehicle present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Changing lanes
 2 ：Stopped in traffic lane
 3 ：Stopped in traffic lane

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Other vehicle stopped
 2 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Traveling in same direction with higher speed
 3 ：Other- Not involved first harmful event

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Inadequate surveillance (e.g., failed to look, looked but did not see)
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
 3 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
