Case Summary:
1    Case Summary The crash occurred in the northbound lanes of a two-way, ten-lane interstate roadway, divided by a concrete traffic barrier. There were five northbound lanes. This was a straight, level, asphalt roadway with a posted speed of 105 kmph (65 mph). Conditions were daylight on a weekend afternoon with dry roads and clear skies. Traffic flow was normal. V1, a 2001 Oldsmobile Alero with one occupant, was traveling northbound in lane four. V1 was approaching a slower moving vehicle in the same lane. V1 changed lanes to the left (lane five) in order to pass the slower vehicle. V1 then began to change lanes to the right to get back into lane four. A phantom vehicle in lane three was simultaneously attempting to get into lane four. V1 swerved left, successfully avoiding contact with the phantom car, but losing control of the vehicle in the process. V1 began to rotate counterclockwise as it traveled across lane five toward the barrier wall. The front of V1 made contact with the concrete barrier wall. The right rear of V1 then made contact with the barrier wall as the vehicle continued to rotate. V1 came to final rest facing southbound in the inside emergency shoulder of the interstate. The Oldsmobile Alero was driven by a 49-year old male, who was not injured. He said he was on his way to a friend's house for a cookout. He first stated during his interview that another vehicle made contact with his right front. He later admitted that there was no contact, but that he swerved to the left to avoid the other car. The Critical Precrash Event for V1 was "this vehicle control loss due to other-sharp steering maneuver". The Critical Reason for the Critical Event was a performance error, overcompensation. The driver overreacted to a situation, which required some adjustment to the path of his vehicle. There were no associated factors coded to this driver.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Driver Performance present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Avoidance maneuver to a previous critical event

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Veh. Control Loss Due To:- Other cause of control loss (specify) :

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Overcompensation
