Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two-vehicle crash occurred during daylight hours on a dry, straight, level, undivided, eight-lane, state highway near a traffic light-controlled four-leg intersection. The roadway runs north and south at the location of the crash and has one right turn lane, two through lanes and two left turn lanes. The speed limit on this roadway is 64 kmph (40 mph) and there were no adverse weather conditions at the time. Vehicle one (V1), a hit-and-run Ford F-150, was northbound in lane three, the inside through lane. Vehicle two (V2), a 2002 Chevrolet Cavalier, was northbound in lane two, the outside through lane. The vehicles passed through the intersection and V1 changed lanes to the right due to an emergency vehicle approaching from the rear. The front of V2 struck the back of V1. V1 drove away from the scene. V2 came to rest facing northeast at the curb and was towed due to damage. No details are known about the driver of V1. The driver of V2, an eighteen-year-old female, was driving from a friend's home to her own home. She works twenty hours per week, normally sleeps eight and one-half hours per night, was well rested and drives this vehicle on this roadway often. She thought she heard a siren and leaned forward and to the right to turn down the radio. As she returned to her normal driving posture and looked up, she saw V1 and braked and attempted to steer right. The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded: other vehicle encroachment; from adjacent lane(same direction)-over left lane line. The critical reason for the critical event was coded to V2 as a driver related factor: internal distraction. This driver was adjusting the volume of the radio, and was distracted long enough to not detect V1 in time to avoid the collision. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: this vehicle traveling, over the lane line on right side of travel lane. The critical reason was not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision, Traffic present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Distraction, Drugs, Traffic present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Over the lane line on right side of travel lane
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From adjacent lane (same direction) - over left lane line

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
 2 ：Driver Related Factor- Internal distraction
