Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two-vehicle crash occurred at a four-legged intersection on a north/south trafficway that is divided by a grass median. Both approach roadways are straight. The southbound lanes have a downhill grade and consist of two through lanes, a right turn lane and a left turn lane. The northbound lanes have an uphill grade and consist of two through lanes and a left turn lane. The speed limit for this roadway is 89 kmph (55 mph). This crash occurred during daylight hours with no adverse atmospheric conditions. Vehicle one (V1), a 2002 Ford Explorer, was southbound in lane four. Vehicle two (V2), a 1997 Mazda Protégé, was northbound in lane one. V1 turned left in the intersection and the right side was struck by the front of V2. Both vehicles rotated and the right side of V1 struck the left side of V2. Both vehicles were towed due to damage. The driver of V1, a sixty-seven-year-old female, was on her way home from her parents' house. She was well rested, in good health and familiar with her vehicle. She travels this route daily. She takes Moexipril for high blood pressure. This driver stated that she was looking left at her turn destination and did not see V2 prior to the crash. The driver of V2, a sixteen-year-old female, was traveling from her home to her friend's house. She was healthy, well rested and familiar with her vehicle. She travels this route daily. She had been driving for three months at the time of the crash. This driver stated that she saw V1 in the intersection but assumed that the driver of V1 would wait until the intersection was clear before making the turn. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded as "this vehicle traveling; turning left at intersection." The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded as "driver related factor; inadequate surveillance (e.g. failed to look, looked but did not see)." The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded as "other vehicle encroachment; from opposite direction - over left lane line." The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event for V2 was "not coded to this vehicle." This driver's inexperience and her assumption that the driver of V1 would yield the right-of-way were associated factors in this crash.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Drugs, Surveillance present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Decision, Driver Inexperience present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Turning left at intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From opposite direction - over left lane line

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Inadequate surveillance (e.g., failed to look, looked but did not see)
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
