Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This four vehicle crash occurred mid-afternoon during daylight hours. The location was a two lane undivided (one-way traffic) left curved downhill ramp connecting two sections of an interstate highway. The weather was clear and the roads surface dry concrete. The speed limit is 72 kph (45 mph). Vehicle one (V 1), a 2006 Mini Cooper, driven by a 23 year-old female was traveling east in the second lane of traffic. Vehicle two (V 2), a 1987 Chevrolet Monte Carlo coupe driven by a 19 year-old male was traveling east to the rear of V 1. Vehicle three (V 3), a 2000 Chevy Astro Van driven by a 59 year-old male was traveling east in the second lane and Vehicle four (V 4) a 1988 Chevrolet Sport van were traveling in lane two behind V 3. An unidentified vehicle driving in lane two changed into V 1's lane of travel. The driver applied the brakes until the vehicle came to a complete stop. V 2 attempted to change into lane two to avoid a rear end collision. The left front corner of V 2 impacted the rear of V 1. V 3's front impacted the rear of V 2. V 4's front impacted the rear of V 3. All vehicles came to rest within lane two. All four vehicles were towed from the scene. None of the occupants was injured. The driver of V 1 stated the vehicle coming from lane one made a very abrupt and unsafe maneuver, forcing her to apply the brakes until her vehicle came to a complete stop. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: other motor vehicle in lane, traveling in same direction with higher speed. Critical reason not coded to this vehicle. The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded:other motor vehicle in lane, other vehicle stopped. The critical reason for the critical event was coded driver related decision factor: too fast to respond to unexpected actions of other vehicle. V3 and V4 were not involved in first harmful event.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 2:  Decision, Speed/Distance present problem 
Vehicle 3:  Decision, Drugs present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Negotiating a curve
 2 ：Negotiating a curve
 3 ：Negotiating a curve

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Traveling in same direction with higher speed
 2 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Other vehicle stopped
 3 ：Other- Not involved first harmful event

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
 2 ：Driver Related Factor- Too fast to be able to respond to unexpected actions of others (specify) :
 3 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
