Case Summary:
1    Case Summary The crash occurred in the northbound lane of a four-lane intersection controlled by a stop sign. Conditions were daylight and dry in the morning on a weekday. The northbound lane had a posted speed limit of 80 kmph (50 mph) and a 2% uphill grade. The westbound lane had a posted sped limit of 56 kmph (35 mph). V1 was a 2003 Toyota Camry sedan stopped westbound at the stop sign in the first travel lane. V2, a 2003 Nissan 350Z coupe, was traveling northbound in the second travel lane intending on going straight. V1 was waved into the intersection by an unknown vehicle stopped in the 1st travel lane facing northbound. V1 proceeded thru the intersection and the front of V2 struck the left side of V1 in the 2nd travel lane of the northbound roadway. The driver of V1 lost consciousness and his vehicle traveled southbound hitting a curb and several signs traveling approximately 115 meters. V1 came to final rest against a pole facing westbound. V2 came to final rest facing westbound. V1 was driven by a 57-year-old male who sustained moderate injuries and was transported to a local hospital. He stated that he was stopped at the stop sign when an unknown vehicle waved him into the intersection. The driver of V1 did not see V2. The driver of V1 was traveling between 18 and 32 kmph (11 and 20 mph) at the time of impact. V1 was towed due to damage. The Critical Precrash Event for V1 was this vehicle traveling; crossing over (passing through) intersection. The Critical Reason for the Critical Precrash Event was a driver related factor; inadequate surveillance, looked but did not see. Associated factors coded to this driver were a sightline restriction, other vehicle, crossed roadway with an obstructed view and rush hour congestion. V2 was driven by a 25-year-old male who sustained minor injuries. He stated that he was traveling northbound in the 2nd travel lane when V1 crossed over the path of V2. The driver of V2 did not take any avoidance actions. V2 was traveling between 50 and 64 kmph (31 and 40 mph) at the time of impact. V2 was towed due to damage. The Critical Precrash Event for V2 was other vehicle encroachment from crossing street, across path. No critical reason for the critical precrash event was coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision, Roadway, Surveillance, Traffic present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Driver Fatigue, Traffic present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Crossing over (passing through) intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From crossing street, across path

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Inadequate surveillance (e.g., failed to look, looked but did not see)
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
