Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This crash occurred on a dark unlit section of a two-lane, curved, rural road on a weekend night. The roadway had a posted speed limit of 56kmph (35mph) and there were no adverse atmospheric conditions that evening. As V1, a 2002 Chevrolet Venture negotiated the curve traveling northbound the vehicle began drifting over the centerline into V2, a 2006 Honda Pilot, lane of travel. The front left of V1struck the left side of V2. Both vehicles were towed due to damage. V1 was driven by a 69 year-old male who could not be interviewed on scene. The investigating officer stated that the driver had failed a field sobriety test and was being transported for a blood draw. Subsequent attempts to contact the driver were unsuccessful. The Critical Precrash Event for V1 was coded this vehicle traveling over the lane line on the left side. The Critical Reason for the Precrash Event was a performance error poor directional control. The only known associated factor for this vehicle was the presence of alcohol in the driver, which could have contributed to his poor directional control. V2 was driven by a 36 year-old male in good health and wearing his prescription lenses that corrected a hyperopic (far-sighted) condition. He stated he saw V2 cross the centerline and braked, but could not avoid hitting the other vehicle. He was uninjured in the crash. The Critical Precrash Event for V2 was coded other vehicle encroachment from opposite direction, over left lane line. The Critical Reason for the Critical Event was not coded to this vehicle, as V2 was not thought to have contributed to the crash.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Alcohol, Driver Performance present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Driver Stress/Emotion present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Negotiating a curve
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Over the lane line on left side of travel lane
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From opposite direction - over left lane line

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Poor directional control (e.g., failing to control vehicle with skill ordinarily expected)
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
