Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two-vehicle crash occurred shortly past noon on a dry, four-leg, on-colors controlled intersection with pedestrian signals. Westbound travel lanes consists of a right turn lane, two through lanes and one left turn lane. Southbound travel lanes consists of an implied right turn lane and a through/left turn lane. The speed limit for east and westbound traffic is 72 kmph (45 mph). The speed limit for north and southbound traffic is 48 kmph (30 mph). There were no adverse weather conditions at the time. Vehicle one (V1), a 2002 Buick Regal sedan, driven by a 66 year-old female, was traveling westbound in lane two. Vehicle two (V2), a 1995 Chrysler Sebring coupe, driven by a 23 year-old female with one passenger, was traveling southbound in lane two making a left turn. Both vehicles entered the intersection at the same time. V1's front impacted the left side of V2. V1 rotated counter clockwise and came to rest on its wheels in the middle of the intersection facing south. V2 rotated counter clockwise and came to rest on its wheels facing southeast in the middle of the intersection. Both vehicles were towed from the scene due to damage. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: this vehicle traveling; crossing over (passing through) intersection. The critical reason for the critical event was attributed to V1 as a driver related factor: inattention (i.e., daydreaming). An associative factor for driver of V1 was disregard of traffic control signal. This driver had a medical concern due to a nose bleed for a week. The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded: other vehicle encroachment; from crossing street, across path. The critical reason was not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision, Distraction, Driver Physical, Driver Stress/Emotion, Drugs present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Negotiating a curve

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Crossing over (passing through) intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From crossing street, across path

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Inattention (i.e., daydreaming)
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
