Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two vehicle crash occurred mid-afternoon on a urban intersection during daylight hours. The east/west roadway consists of five through lanes with a posted speed limit of 56 kph. (35 mph) and the north/south two lanes with a posted speed limit of 40 kph (25) controlled by stop signs. Both roadways are level asphalt and there was no adverse weather. Vehicle one (V1) a 1990 Plymouth 4 door Acclaim driven by a 18 year-old female with one passenger was making a left turn when the right side was impacted by V2. Vehicle two (V2) a 2002 Chevrolet Impala 4 door driven by a 22 year-old female with two passengers was traveling east in lane one as V1 crossed in front, the front of V2 contacted the right side of V1. After impact V1 continued forward and off to the left hitting a fence and coming to rest at the fence. V2 after impact rotated clockwise and then striking a utility pole on the southeast corner and coming to final rest facing southeast. V1 was towed from the scene V2 was removed by the driver. The pre-movement for V1 coded turning left, category this vehicle traveling turning left at intersection. Critical reason driver related factor "Inadequate surveillance". The pre-event movement for V2 coded going straight, category this vehicle traveling crossing over passing through intersection. Critical reason not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Distraction, Driver Performance, Surveillance present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Driver Inexperience present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Turning left
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Turning left at intersection
 2 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Crossing over (passing through) intersection

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Inadequate surveillance (e.g., failed to look, looked but did not see)
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
