Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two-vehicle crash occurred in a four-legged, traffic signal-controlled intersection. The north/south roadway is level and undivided with one lane in each direction. At the intersection, the northbound roadway has a left turn lane. This roadway is curved; for northbound traffic; the curve is to the left (with a radius of curvature of 281 meters and the superelevation is three percent) and for the southbound traffic, the curve is to the right (with a radius of curvature of 563 meters and the superelevation is two percent). The speed limit for this roadway is 64 kmph (40 mph). It was dark with streetlights on at the time of the crash and there were no adverse atmospheric conditions. Vehicle one (V1), a 1999 Ford Expedition, was southbound in lane one. Vehicle two (V2), a 2003 Mitsubishi Eclipse, was northbound in lane one. V1 turned left in the intersection and the front struck the front of V2. Both vehicles were towed due to damage. The driver of V1, a thirty-three-year-old male, was on his way home from a restaurant. He was healthy, well rested and familiar with his vehicle. This driver just moved to the area and had been driving this route daily for one week. He stated that he did not see V2 prior to the crash. The driver of V2, a twenty-one-year-old female, was traveling with a nineteen-year-old female passenger, from a friend's house in another city to her home. This driver was healthy, well rested and comfortable with her vehicle and passenger. She travels this route daily. This driver stated that she applied the brakes when she realized that V1 was turning. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded as "this vehicle traveling; turning left at intersection." The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded as "driver related factor; inadequate surveillance (e.g. failed to look, looked but did not see)." The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded as "other vehicle encroachment; from opposite direction - over left lane line." The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event for V2 was "not coded to this vehicle."
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Surveillance present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Decision, Surveillance present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Decelerating in traffic lane
 2 ：Negotiating a curve

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Turning left at intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From opposite direction - over left lane line

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Inadequate surveillance (e.g., failed to look, looked but did not see)
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
