Case Summary:
1    Case Summary The crash occurred at an intersection in the northbound lane of a two-way, three lane, rural roadway. The north and southbound approaches each had a left turn lane. The east and westbound approaches were controlled with a stop sign. The roadway had a posted speed limit of a 72 kmph (45 mph). The northbound lane was on a 3% downhill grade. The eastbound approach was on a 2% downhill grade. Conditions were daylight and dry with clear skies. The setting was late afternoon on a weekday. Vehicle one was a 1994 Dodge Ram pickup stopped facing east at the intersection. Vehicle two was a 2002 Isuzu Rodeo compact utility traveling north in lane one. Both vehicles proceeded through the intersection. The front plane of v1 impacted the left plane of v2. V1 came to rest in the northeast corner of the intersection. V2 traveled off the east edge of the roadway while rotating counterclockwise. V2 then overturned approximately 7 quarter-turns, impacting a speed limit sign with its left plane during the rollover. V2 came to rest on its right side on the east roadside. The Dodge Ram (v1) was driven by a 21-year old male who was uninjured. He was traveling with a 20-year old male passenger not listed on the police report. He stated that he was leaving a swimming pool and heading over to a buddy's house. When he attempted to cross the intersection, he looked both ways and then proceeded. He claims the hill crest and sun glare to his right may have made it difficult to see the oncoming vehicle which struck him. He estimates he was stopped 2 seconds before proceeding and was traveling approximately 5 mph (8 kmph) at impact. He didn't have a chance to react. The pickup was towed due to damage. The Critical Precrash Event for v1 was this vehicle traveling crossing over the intersection. The Critical Reason was a Driver Related Factor of inadequate surveillance. No other associated factors were coded to this driver. The Isuzu Rodeo (v2) was driven by a 39-year old male who was transported to a local trauma center with possible injuries, along with his passenger. He stated that he was heading to his nephew's house when another vehicle from the left pulled out in front of him. He steered right but was unable to avoid a collision. His vehicle then rolled several times on the roadside. He estimated travel and impact speeds to be 45 mph (72 kmph). The compact utility was towed due to damage. The Critical Precrash Event for v2 was other vehicle encroachment from a crossing street across path. No Critical Reason was coded to this vehicle. The driver wore contacts for a nearsighted condition. He travels this roadway very infrequently; perhaps once a year.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Surveillance present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Driver Inexperience present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Stopped in traffic lane
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Crossing over (passing through) intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From crossing street, across path

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Inadequate surveillance (e.g., failed to look, looked but did not see)
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
