Case Summary:
1    Case Summary The crash occurred at the intersection of a two, two-way, five lane (eight overall), divided roadways without positive barriers. Both roads were dry, polished concrete. The travel direction of vehicle #1 had a -4.1% grade. The travel direction of vehicle #2 was level. The posted speed limit was 56 kmph (35 mph). Traffic was light at the time of the collision. There were no adverse weather conditions. The crash during morning daylight hours on a sunny, clear day. Vehicle one (V1) was a 1998 Ford F-150 turning left from the fifth northbound lane. Vehicle two (V2) was a 1988 Honda CRX approaching the intersection southbound in the second lane. V1 entered the intersection without the right of way and was struck on the right side by the front of V2. V1 rotated clockwise, steered left and came to rest in the roadway facing west. V2 rotated clockwise and came to rest in the roadway facing northwest. V1 was driven by a 22 year old male. He was talking to a friend on his cell phone during his morning commute from home to work. he decelerated as he approached the intersection but did not stop prior to executing his left turn. He stated he was looking straight ahead prior to the crash and had no interior or exterior distractions. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: this vehicle traveling, turning left at intersection. The critical reason for the critical event was coded to V1 as a driver related factor: inattention (i.e., daydreaming). The drivers phone conversation distracted him from the driving task. V2 was driven by a 25 year old male who was commuting home from work. As he approached the intersection he assumed that V1 would yield the right of way to his vehicle, but V1 did not do this. The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded: other vehicle encroachment; from opposite direction, over left lane line. The critical reason was not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Cell Phone Use, Distraction, Surveillance present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Decision present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Decelerating in traffic lane
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Turning left at intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From opposite direction - over left lane line

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Inattention (i.e., daydreaming)
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
