Case Summary:
1    Case Summary The crash occurred in the eastbound lanes of a primary arterial road that ran east/west, had five lanes (two eastbound, two westbound, and the center lane was a multi-directional left turn lane in the center), and was straight and level. The posted speed limit was 72kph/45mph. There were no traffic controls on this portion of the arterial. The arterial was intersected from the south by a small side street/access road. The road ran north/south with one lane each direction, and there was a stop sign where the side road intersected the arterial for northbound traffic. There was a positive five percent grade on the northbound approach to the intersection. To the west of the side road on the south side of the arterial there was a sign oriented perpendicular to the arterial road that was a potential sightline restriction. Conditions at the time of the crash were daylight and dry around mid morning at the back end of rush hour on a weekday. The intersection was located in a business district. V1 was a 2002 Chevrolet 2500 pickup truck with the bed modified to have toolboxes on both sides and a ladder rack on top. V2 was a 2000 Nissan Xterra. V1 was originally stopped at the stop sign in the northbound lane of the side road when it pulled out into the intersection with the arterial intending to turn left (west) onto the arterial road. It was then that the driver of V1 saw V2 traveling east in the 2nd (left) lane. V1 accelerated in an unsuccessful attempt to avoid being struck by V2. V2 struck the left side of V1 with its (V2's) front after braking with ABS application. V1 rotated about 30 degrees counter clockwise and came to rest facing west straddling the left westbound lane and the center left turn lane (only a few meters from impact). V2 came to rest facing northeast in the center left turn lane about 12 meters east of impact. Both vehicles were towed from the scene. V1, was driven by a forty three year old belted male who was uninjured in the crash. His right front twenty five year old belted male passenger was also uninjured. The driver of V1 informed the researcher of his sight restriction by the sign and of the fact that he was blind in his left eye. He was cited by police for failure to yield the right of way. The critical precrash event for V1 was this vehicle traveling, turning left at an intersection. The critical reason was that he looked but did not see V2 approaching. His vision impairment was considered a factor in this crash as was the sightline restriction listed above. The driver also listed that the left A-pillar in V1 was a view obstruction. The only other contributing factor associated with this vehicle was a decision error, turned with obstructed view. V2, was driven by a belted forty two year old female, who was transported from the crash with non-incapacitating injuries. Her airbags did deploy. She was on her way to work after dropping her child off for the day with family. The critical precrash event for V2 was other vehicle encroachment from a crossing street turning into the opposite direction. The critical reason was not coded to this vehicle. The only contributing factor coded for V2 was a false assumption that the other driver would yield the right of way.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision, Driver Physical, Roadway, Surveillance, Vehicle, Vision present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Decision present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Stopped in traffic lane
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Turning left at intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From crossing street, turning into opposite direction

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Inadequate surveillance (e.g., failed to look, looked but did not see)
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
