Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two-vehicle crash occurred on a divided, level, straight roadway near an intersection. The eastbound lanes consist of three through lanes and a left turn lane. The speed limit on this roadway is 56 kmph (35 mph). This crash occurred during daylight hours with rush hour congestion. It was raining at the time of the crash. Vehicle one (V1), a 1995 Chevrolet S-10 pickup, was eastbound in lane two. Vehicle two (V2), a 2002 BMW 745, was eastbound in lane two in front of V1. V2 decelerated due to slowing traffic and the front of V1 struck the back of V2. V1 was towed due to damage. The driver of V1, a twenty-one-year-old male, was traveling from work to his home. He was healthy, well rested and familiar with his vehicle. He drives this route daily. This driver stated that he applied the brakes to avoid V2, but slid on the wet pavement. He also stated that he knew that the brakes on his vehicle were deficient. The driver of V2, a fifty-one-year-old male, was traveling with a fifty-year-old female, from a car dealership to another car dealership. He was well rested, in good health and comfortable with his vehicle and passenger. This driver had never driven on this roadway previously. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded as "other motor vehicle in lane; traveling in same direction while decelerating." The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded as "driver related factor; following too closely to respond to unexpected actions." The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded as "this vehicle traveling; decelerating." The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event for V2 was "not coded to this vehicle."
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision, Roadway, Traffic, Vehicle, Weather/Environment present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Distraction, Driver Inexperience, Roadway, Traffic, Weather/Environment present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Traveling in same direction while decelerating
 2 ：This Vehicle Traveling- This vehicle decelerating

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Following too closely to respond to unexpected actions
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
