Case Summary:
1    Case Summary The crash occurred on a two-way, two lane concrete road with a posted speed limit of 89 kmh (55 mph), at the intersection of a business driveway. Conditions at the time of the crash were daylight, clear and dry. V1, a 1997 Mercury Tracer 4 door, driven by a 19 year-old male on his way home from work, was eastbound on the road traveling 89 kmh (55 mph). Traffic had slowed and then picked up as V1 negotiated a right hand curve. The driver of V1 stated that he decided to change the radio station and glanced down briefly. Before he pushed the button, he looked back up and V2 was stopped in the road ahead of him. The driver was unsure but thought V2 was not the vehicle that had been traveling directly in front of him. The driver of V1 swerved left and tried to put his foot on the brake but V1 did not slow down prior to the crash. The front of V1 struck the back of V2. V1 rotated clockwise and came to rest in the westbound lane facing southeast. V1 was towed from the scene due to damage. The fully restrained driver was transported to a local trauma center due to injuries. V2, a 2004 Toyota Sequoia sports utility vehicle, driven by a 45 year-old male, was stopped (for 10-15 seconds) in the eastbound lane waiting for westbound traffic to clear to turn left into the driveway of a business. The driver was on his way from home to the store to run an errand. The driver was looking ahead at traffic, heard a screech and the back of V2 was struck by the front of V1. The driver of V2 had no avoidance maneuvers. V2 was pushed off the right side of road and came to rest on the grass facing east. V2 was towed from the scene due to damage. The fully restrained driver did not seek medical treatment. The Critical Precrash Event coded to the driver of V1 was 'other motor vehicle in lane-other vehicle stopped.' The Critical Reason for the Critical Event coded was 'internal distraction-adjusting radio controls.' A Contributing Factor coded was 'inadequate surveillance-failure to look ahead.' The driver was unsure but thought V2 was not the vehicle that had been traveling directly in front of him. The intervening vehicles drove on the right paved shoulder to go around V2. The Critical Precrash Event coded to the driver of V2 was 'other motor vehicle in lane traveling in same direction with higher speed.' The Critical Reason was not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Distraction, Surveillance present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Driver Physical, Drugs present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Negotiating a curve
 2 ：Stopped in traffic lane

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Other vehicle stopped
 2 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Traveling in same direction with higher speed

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Internal distraction
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
