Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two-vehicle crash occurred in the afternoon of a weekday at a 4-way intersection in a rural area. The intersection incorporates a north/south 2-lane roadway and an east/west 2-lane roadway with featured speed limits of 72 kmph (45 mph). The north/south roadway does not have a traffic control apparatus for its direction but the east/west roadway has a posted stop sign at this intersection. There is also a curve to the left for southbound traffic as it approaches this same intersection. The conditions were clear, dry, and daylight. V1, a 1995 Lincoln Town Car with one occupant, was traveling south toward this intersection. V2, a 1997 Ford Explorer XL with three occupants, was traveling east toward the same intersection. V2 was stopped at this intersection before it attempted to make a left turn (northbound) and was struck in the left side by the front of V1. Both vehicles departed the southeast corner of the intersection, where V2 struck a cable box and mile marker while rolling on the grass roadside. V2 came to final rest on its left side. V1 continued south and came to a stop in the northbound lane, facing south. The driver of V1, a 21-year-old male, was driving south on this 2-lane road when V2 pulled out in front of him. This driver said he was traveling at 35 mph (56 kmph) when V2 suddenly pulled into the intersection so he tried to avoid it by steering left and braking. He struck the vehicle on the left side and the impact crushed the front of his car causing him a broken a leg. The Critical Precrash Event for V1 was coded “other vehicle encroachment from crossing street turning into opposite direction”. The Critical Reason for the Critical Event was not coded to this vehicle. Associated factors include speeding and too fast, reason unknown because the driver denied he was traveling too fast while there were over 25 meters of precrash skid marks at the scene for this vehicle. Another associated factor is incorrect evasive maneuver. The driver of V2, a 17-year-old female, was returning to school this afternoon after eating lunch with her friends, when she was involved in this crash. She states that she stopped at the intersection for the stop sign, looked in all directions before entering the intersection to make a left turn, and stopped when she saw the Lincoln speeding toward her. She was stopped in the intersection when the Lincoln struck the left side of her Ford Explorer, causing the truck to rollover and knocking the driver unconscious. The driver claims she "never saw the Lincoln" before entering the intersection and that "it came out of nowhere." The Critical Precrash Event for V2 was coded “this vehicle turning left at intersection” and the Critical Reason for the Critical Event was coded “inadequate surveillance”. Associated factors include inadequate surveillance, proceeding with insufficient clearance, panic/freezing and inexperienced driver.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Aggressive Behavior, Decision, Speed/Distance present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Decision, Driver Inexperience, Driver Performance, Driver Physical, Surveillance present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Negotiating a curve
 2 ：Stopped in traffic lane

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From crossing street, turning into opposite direction
 2 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Turning left at intersection

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
 2 ：Driver Related Factor- Inadequate surveillance (e.g., failed to look, looked but did not see)
