Case Summary:
1    Case Summary The Crash occurred in the intersection of a country roadway, during the daylight hours, on dry asphalt road. The roads were similar to each other being two-lane, two-way, level asphalt with a posted speed limit of 55mph (89Kmph). The North/South road was controlled in both directions with a stop sign, but the East/West road is not. Conditions at the time of the crash were sunny and dry. V1 a 2003 Saturn Ion was traveling northbound approaching the stop sign controlled intersection. V2 a 1987 Chrysler Fifth Avenue was traveling west bound through the intersection intending to continue traveling straight. V1 continued northbound and V1's front contacted V2' left side. Both vehicle were towed away from the scene. The 66yr old driver of V1 stated that he traveled this road once a month in the summer. The driver also stated that he was thinking about some birds he had just seen a mile back. When talking with the driver he said that he never saw the stop sign, and he was lost in thought. The driver of the vehicle was transported to the hospital with minor injuries. He was taking medication for high blood pressure. The Critical Pre-crash Event was coded crossing over passing through an intersection. The Critical Reason for the Critical Pre-crash Event was coded as inattention. The 56yr old driver of V2 stated that he drove that road daily and was on his way to work. Upon approaching the intersection the driver stated that he saw the other driver, but thought he would stop. He also stated that he was an hour early. The vehicle was in good working order as he was a mechanic. The driver of V2 was also transported to the hospital but with moderate injuries. He was taking medication for GERD and his thyroid. The Critical Pre-crash Event was coded other vehicle encroachment from crossing street accost path. The Critical Reason was not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision, Distraction, Drugs present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Decision, Drugs present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Crossing over (passing through) intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From crossing street, across path

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Inattention (i.e., daydreaming)
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
