Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two-vehicle crash occurred at the intersection of an eight-lane roadway and a two-lane roadway. The intersection is controlled by a traffic light, which was functioning at the time. The eight-lane roadway is divided with four lanes of travel in either direction. The speed limit for the roadway is 54 kph (35 mph). This crash occurred during daylight hours with no adverse atmospheric conditions. Vehicle one, a 2002 Isuzu Rodeo was northbound in the fourth lane. Vehicle two, a 2004 Ford F-250 Pick up was southbound in the first lane. Vehicle one turned left at the intersection and the right side of vehicle one was impacted by the front of vehicle two. Vehicle one rotated clockwise and tripped on the curb. Vehicle one rolled one-quarter turn and the left front impacted the curb as it rolled over. Vehicle one came to rest on its left side. Vehicle one was towed from the scene. Vehicle two was driven from the scene. The driver of vehicle one, a thirty-four year old male was heading home at the time of the crash. This driver had been driving for about five minutes at the time of the crash. This driver indicated that as he was driving he had a green protected arrow but the protected arrow had expired, as he turned left. This driver was dialing his cell phone to call his wife. This driver indicated that he was in a hurry to get home and play a new video game and have his wife pick up their daughter. This driver drives this vehicle daily and over this road on a daily basis. This driver claimed that he had a sightline restriction of vehicle two due to vehicles stopped opposite him waiting for the light. The driver of vehicle two, a forty-eight year old male was not interviewed. There is no known pre-crash information for this driver. The critical pre crash event for vehicle one was coded as "this vehicle traveling: turning left at intersection". The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event was attributed to vehicle one and was coded "driver related factor: other decision error (specified as: turned with view obstructed by intervening intransport vehicle". The critical pre-crash event for vehicle two was coded as "other vehicle encroachment: from opposite direction- over left lane line". The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event for vehicle two was coded as "not coded to this vehicle".
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Cell Phone Use, Decision, Distraction, Driver Stress/Emotion, Roadway present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Turning left at intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From opposite direction - over left lane line

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Other decision error (specify) :
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
