Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two-vehicle crash occurred just past noon on a 6-lane asphalt constructed roadway. At the area of this crash there is a three-legged intersection with a business driveway on the south side. This roadway runs east to west with three lanes on the westbound and two lanes for the eastbound traffic. There is a center left turn only lane and the posted speed limit is 64 kmph (45 mph). The north side entrance road has two lanes and is stop sign controlled. The south side business entrance is not regulated and has a driveway type entrance. This crash occurred during daylight with no adverse weather or sight line obstructions. Vehicle one (V1) was a 1995 Dodge Dakota pickup driven by a 85 year-old male. V1 was eastbound and entered into the center left turn lane intending to turn left. Vehicle two (V2) was a 1985 Nissan Maxima 4 door sedan driven by a 18 year-old male. V2 was traveling westbound in the #3 lane approaching the intersection. As V1 entered the left turn lane it slowed down to allow opposite traveling traffic to clear. As a group of vehicles passed, V1 turned left. As V1 crossed into the westbound #3 lane it was impacted on the right side with the front of V2. V1 then rotated clockwise and came to a rest on the northwest corner of this intersection. V2 had locked up its brakes prior to the impact but could not avoid V1. V2 was disabled and towed from the scene. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: this vehicle traveling, turning left at intersection. The critical reason for the critical event was attributed to V1 as a driver related factor: inadequate surveillance (e.g., failed to look, looked but did not see). The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded: other vehicle encroachment; from opposite direction - over left lane line. The critical reason was not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision, Distraction, Driver Performance, Drugs, Surveillance present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Decision present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Turning left at intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From opposite direction - over left lane line

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Inadequate surveillance (e.g., failed to look, looked but did not see)
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
