Case Summary:
1    Case Summary The crash occurred in the middle of a four-way intersection. Conditions were daylight with rain in the morning on a weekday. Both lanes had a posted speed limit of 72 kmph (45 mph). V1 was a 2003 Kia Rio sedan traveling southbound in the right lane approaching the intersection with a blinking beacon light. V2, a 2002 Honda Civic sedan, was traveling northbound in the right lane approaching the same intersection. V1 made a left turn in front of V2 and the front of V2 struck the right side of V1 in the middle of the intersection. The two vehicles then side-slapped the front right bumper of V1 hit the right rear wheel rim of V2. V1 came to final rest facing west. V2 came to final rest facing northeast. V1 was driven by a 44-year-old female who was not injured. She stated that she thought that V2 was turning so she made a left turn in front of V2. The front of V2 struck the right side of V1. V1 was traveling between 50 and 64 kmph (31 and 40 mph) at the time of impact. V1 was towed due to damage. The Critical Precrash Event for V1 was this vehicle traveling and turning left at the intersection. The Critical Reason for the Critical Precrash Event was a false assumption of other road user's actions. V2 was driven by a 19-year-old male who was not injured. He stated that he was going straight when he saw V1 make a left turn in front of him. He swerved left and braked but was unsuccessful. V2 was traveling between (21 and 30 mph) at the time of impact. V2 was towed due to damage. The Critical Precrash Event for V2 was the other vehicle encroachment from the opposite direction over the left lane line. The Critical Reason for the Critical Precrash Event was not coded to this vehicle. No associated factors were coded to this driver. The driver of V2 drives this road regularly and is familiar with the roadway. The driver works 40 per week and feels rested.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision, Roadway, Weather/Environment present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Weather/Environment present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Turning left at intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From opposite direction - over left lane line

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- False assumption of other's actions
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
