Case Summary:
1    Case Summary A crash happened about one hour before noon during daylight hours at an intersection controlled by traffic lights. It was a rear-end collision that involved two vehicles: one flatbed truck, and a passenger car. The speed limit for the primary approach leg to the intersection is 54 kmph (35 mph). The road is a 4-lane divided (no positive barrier) asphalt roadway for both vehicles. The road surface was dry asphalt and there were no detrimental atmospheric conditions at the time of the crash. Vehicle one (V1) was a 1991 Chevrolet 3500 Flatbed Pick up driven by a 37 year-old male with one passenger. V1 was following vehicle two (V2) in lane 1 at an unknown distance. V2 was a 2004 Buick Century driven by a 83 year-old male who was traveling west in the first lane of traffic. V2 decelerated to make a right turn at the intersection. The driver of V1 tried to avoid a rear end collision and steered to the left while applying his brakes. The right front corner of V1 impacted the rear of V2. It caused V2 to rotated clockwise while moving into the northbound lanes of traffic. V2 came to rest within the northbound lanes, facing east. V1 came to rest within the intersection, facing west. V2 was towed from the scene. No injuries were reported for this crash. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: other motor vehicle in lane, traveling in same direction while decelerating. The critical reason for the critical event was attributed to V1 as a driver related factor: false assumption of other actions. The driver of V1 assumed V2 would pass through the intersection instead of turning right. He was following too close and too fast to realize V2 would turn right in order to avoid the impact. The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded: this vehicle traveling; this vehicle decelerating. The critical reason was not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision, Driver Inexperience present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Traveling in same direction while decelerating
 2 ：This Vehicle Traveling- This vehicle decelerating

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- False assumption of other's actions
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
