Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two-vehicle crash occurred mid-afternoon during daylight hours at an intersection controlled by on-colors traffic signal. The north and southbound roadway consists of 3 lanes of travel including a left-turn lane for both directions and a posted speed limit of 72 kmph (45 mph). The westbound roadway consists of 6 lanes of travel including a center left turn lane and a right-turn only lane. The eastbound roadway consists of 5 lanes of travel with a center left-turn lane. The northbound roadway is on a slight downhill elevation. The southbound roadway is level and is a private parking lot entrance and exit. Vehicle one (V1) a 2001 Ford Ranger pickup driven by a 40 year-old male was stopped facing south at the red light exiting the parking lot with the intent of turning east. A full size pickup was stopped at the red light in front of V1. After the traffic control light turned green, the non-contact pickup immediately turned left. Vehicle two (V2) a 2000 Hyundai Elantra sedan driven by a 30 year-old female with three passengers was traveling northbound passing through the intersection going straight when V1 turned in front of V2. The front bumper of V1 contacted the front l of V2. Both vehicles came to rest in the intersection. Both vehicles were towed from the scene. The critical pre- crash event for V1 was coded: this vehicle traveling, turning left at intersection. The critical reason for the critical event was coded to V1 as a driver related factor: turned with obstructed view. Inadequate surveillance was an associative factor for this driver. The critical pre- crash event for V2 was coded: other vehicle encroachment; from opposite direction over left lane line. The critical reason was not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision, Distraction, Drugs, Roadway, Surveillance present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Decision, Roadway, Surveillance present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Stopped in traffic lane
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Turning left at intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From opposite direction - over left lane line

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Turned with obstructed view
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
