Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This crash occurred mid-afternoon during daylight hours at the intersection of a two-way, two lane, undivided roadway; and, a two-way, two lane (four overall), divided roadway without a positive barrier. The roads were dry, traveled, level asphalt. The posted speed limit is 56 kmph (35 mph) for westbound travel and 72 kmph (45 mph) for northbound travel. There were no adverse weather conditions. Vehicle one (V1), a 1997 Toyota Corolla driven by a 20 year-old female, was stopped westbound in the first travel lane. Vehicle two (V2), a 1999 Oldsmobile Alero driven by a 53 year-old male, was northbound in the second travel lane. Vehicle three (V3), a 1993 Honda Civic driven by a 25 year-old female with one passenger, was following V2 northbound in the second travel lane. The driver of V1 stated that the car in front of her made a right hand turn, so she assumed that the light was green and proceeded to make a left turn. The front of V1 struck the right side of V2. V1 rotated clockwise and was struck on the left side by the front of V3. V1 came to rest in the intersection facing north west. V2 stopped in a right turn only lane. V3 came to rest in the intersection facing north. V1 and V2 were towed from the scene. V3 was driven from the scene. The occupant of V3 was transported to a local medical facility. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: this vehicle traveling, turning left at intersection. The critical reason for the critical event was coded to V1 as a driver related factor: inadequate surveillance (e.g., failed to look, looked but did not see). The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded: other vehicle encroachment; from crossing street, across path. The critical reason was not coded to this vehicle. V3 was not involved in the first harmful event. The critical reason was not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Cell Phone Use, Distraction, Driver Fatigue, Driver Inexperience, Surveillance present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Decision present problem 
Vehicle 3:  Decision, Distraction present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Stopped in traffic lane
 2 ：Going straight
 3 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Turning left at intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From crossing street, across path
 3 ：Other- Not involved first harmful event

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Inadequate surveillance (e.g., failed to look, looked but did not see)
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
 3 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
