Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This crash occurred mid-afternoon involving two passenger cars at a intersection without traffic lights. The speed limit for the northbound roadways is 64 kmph (40 mph) The speed limit for the westbound roadway is 48 kmph (30 mph). The westbound roadway is controlled by a stop sign. The road surface is concrete and dry. The road is a 3-lane divided (no positive barrier) The intersecting street is a 2-lane undivided (two-way traffic) downhill, there were no detrimental atmospheric conditions at the time of the crash. Vehicle one (V1), a 1990 Nissan driven by a 63 year-old female who was well rested and not in a hurry, was traveling west in the first lane of the westbound lanes. V1 was attempting to turn left at the intersection to enter the southbound lanes of traffic. V1 was stopped for the stop sign at the intersection for more than 10 seconds prior to making a left turn.. Vehicle two (V2), a 2004 Suzuki Verona driven by a 36 year-old female with one passenger, was traveling north in the second lane of traffic. The driver of V2 was well rested and not in a hurry . The front of V2 impacted the left side of V1. V1 rotated clockwise and came to rest in the first lane of traffic of the northbound lanes , facing northeast. V2 rotated counter clockwise after the impact, and drove over the raised median of the northbound lanes. It came to rest partially on the median, partially in the left turn lane of the southbound lanes, facing north. Both vehicles were towed from the scene. No injuries were reported. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: this vehicle traveling, turning left at intersection. The critical reason for the critical event was coded to V1 as a driver related factor: inadequate surveillance (e.g., failed to look, looked but did not see). The driver failed to notice V2 prior to starting her left turn, because she was looking straight ahead and not to her left. The critical pre crash event for V2 was coded: other vehicle encroachment; from crossing street, turning into opposite direction. The critical reason was not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision, Driver Inexperience, Surveillance present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Stopped in traffic lane
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Turning left at intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From crossing street, turning into opposite direction

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Inadequate surveillance (e.g., failed to look, looked but did not see)
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
