Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This three-vehicle collision occurred at 0823 hours. The crash occurred on a straight, level stretch of a four-lane, concrete, positively divided, southbound expressway. The speed limit in the area of the crash is 72 kmph (45 mph). At the time of the crash, there were no adverse atmospheric conditions, and the roadway was free of defects. Vehicle one (V 1), a 1995 Chevrolet Cavalier two-door coupe, driven by a 33 year-old female was traveling southbound in the first lane. Vehicle two (V 2), a 2005 Lexus ES330 four-door sedan, driven by a 26 year-old female was traveling abreast of V 1 in the fourth lane. Vehicle three (V 3), a 1998 Nissan Altima sedan, driven by a 46 year-old female was traveling behind V 1 and V 2 in the third lane. V 1 veered left, crossed all southbound lanes, and entered the fourth lane where the left side of V 1 contacted the right side of V 2. V 1 was spun clockwise by the impact, and right side of V 2 impacted the back of V 1. V 1 entered the third lane, where the front of V 3 impacted the right side of V 1. V 1 and V 3 came to rest in the third lane; V 2 came to rest in the fourth lane. The pre-event movement for V 1 coded changing lanes, category this vehicle traveling over the lane line on left side of travel lane. Critical reason driver related factor "inadequate surveillance" (driver stated was trying to move to express lane, driver of V 3 said V 1 appeared to be out of control). The pre-event movement for V 2 coded going straight, category other vehicle encroachment from adjacent lane over right lane line. Critical reason not coded to this vehicle. The pre-event movement for V 3 coded going straight, this vehicle not involved in the first harmful event.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Aggressive Behavior, Decision, Surveillance, Vehicle present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Changing lanes
 2 ：Going straight
 3 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Over the lane line on left side of travel lane
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From adjacent lane (same direction) - over right lane line
 3 ：Other- Not involved first harmful event

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Inadequate surveillance (e.g., failed to look, looked but did not see)
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
 3 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
