Case Summary:
1    Case Summary The crash occurred in an urban intersection consisting of north/south two-way, nine-lane roadway, divided by a concrete curbed median and east/west two-way, eleven-lane roadway, divided by a concrete curbed median. The posted speed in all directions was 56kmph (35 mph). All roadways were straight, level, asphalt roads. Conditions were dark, with streetlights, on a weekday evening. Skies were clear, and roads were dry. Traffic flow was normal. V1, a 1981 Mercedes Benz 280E with one occupant, was traveling southbound in the far left turn lane (lane six). V2, a 2003 Honda CR-V with three occupants, was traveling northbound in lane four. Both vehicles were approaching the same intersection. When the two vehicles entered the intersection, V1 attempted to turn left, across the path of V2. The front of V2 made contact with the front of V1. Both vehicles were towed due to damage. V1, the Mercedes 280E, was driven by a 17-year old male, who was not injured. Through his attorney, the driver declined to be interviewed. The Critical Precrash Event for V1 was coded this vehicle traveling, turning left at intersection. The Critical Reason for the Critical Event was coded a driver related factor, a false assumption of the other road users action. Even though this vehicle had the right of way it still incorrectly assumed that all other traffic would yield to it. One associated factor for this driver was inexperience. Additional associated factors could not be determined. V2, the Honda CR-V, was driven by a 37-year old male, who was not injured. The driver declined to be interviewed. The Critical Precrash Event for V2 was coded other vehicle encroachment, from opposite direction - over left lane line. The Critical Reason for the Critical Event was not coded to this vehicle. It was determined that the driver of V2 entered the intersection on a red light, but it is unknown why. Associated factors could not be determined.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision, Driver Inexperience present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Decision present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Stopped in traffic lane
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Turning left at intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From opposite direction - over left lane line

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- False assumption of other's actions
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
