Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This three-vehicle crash occurred on a six-lane, median divided, bituminous roadway. There are three lanes in each direction. The speed limit is 80 kmph (50 mph). Traffic had come to a stop due to traffic control signal several hundred meters ahead. This road is straight and slightly uphill. The crash occurred during daylight hours with no adverse atmospheric conditions. Vehicle one (V1), a 1995 Mercury Cougar was westbound in lane two. Vehicle two (V2), a 1996 Ford Contour was stopped in the second lane of traffic ahead of V1. Vehicle three (V3), a 2000 Toyota Tacoma was stopped in the second lane of traffic ahead of V2. The front of V1 impacted the rear of V2. The front of V2 then impacted the rear of V3. V1 was towed due to damage. V2 and V3 were not towed due to damage. The driver of V1, a sixteen-year-old female was headed from her home to a friend's house. This driver had been driving on this trip for about thirty minutes. This driver indicated that traffic just stopped and she did not have time to brake. This driver drives this road daily and in this vehicle on a daily basis. This driver has only been driving for about one year. The driver of V2, a twenty-year-old female was not interviewed. The driver of V3, a twenty-one year old male was stopped for about forty-five seconds before he was impacted. This driver was driving from school to home and had been driving for about fifteen minutes. This driver drives this road on a daily basis and in this vehicle daily. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: other motor vehicle in lane, other vehicle stopped. The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event was attributed to V1 and was coded as a driver related factor: unknown recognition error. The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded: other motor vehicle in lane, traveling in same direction with higher speed. The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event was not coded to this vehicle. V3 was not involved in first harmful event. The critical reason was not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Distraction, Driver Inexperience, Surveillance present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Stopped in traffic lane
 3 ：Stopped in traffic lane

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Other vehicle stopped
 2 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Traveling in same direction with higher speed
 3 ：Other- Not involved first harmful event

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Unknown recognition error
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
 3 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
