Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two-vehicle crash occurred in the middle of a four-way intersection that was controlled by traffic signals in all directions. The two-way roadway, upon which V1 and V2 were traveling, consisted of four lanes. The crash occurred during daylight hours, and there were no atmospheric conditions at the time of the crash. The roadway was straight and level with a posted speed limit of 72kmph (45mph). V1, a 1991 Mazda MX-6, was traveling west in lane two, which was designated for traffic proceeding straight through the intersection. Vehicle two, a 2003 Honda Accord, was facing east and was stopped in lane three, the designated left-turn lane. As V1 proceeded through the intersection it drifted over the left lane line and the front of V1 contacted the front of V2. The impact caused V2 to be pushed back slightly before coming to final rest, while V1 continued forward before coming to final rest. The driver of V1, a 36 year-old female, adamantly refused an interview and would not take part in the study. The driver did complain of some pain as a result of the crash, however she did not require transport to a medical facility. V1 was towed from the scene due to damage. The Critical Precrash Event coded as this vehicle traveling, over the lane line left side of travel lane. The Critical Reason for the Critical Precrash Event was coded as an unknown decision error. There are no known associated factors coded to this vehicle. V2 was driven by a 72 year-old male, in good health and wearing prescription lenses that corrected a Myopic (near-sighted) condition. He stated that he was stopped at the traffic light when V1 crashed into him. Neither the driver nor the passenger of V2 suffered any injuries and V2 driven from the scene. The Critical Precrash Event coded to this vehicle was other vehicle encroachment, from opposite direction - over left lane line. The Critical Reason for the Critical Precrash Event was not coded to this vehicle. An associated factor was the driver stated to have been talking to his passenger, however this was not thought to have contributed to this crash.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 2:  Distraction present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Stopped in traffic lane

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Over the lane line on left side of travel lane
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From opposite direction - over left lane line

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Unknown decision error
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
