Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two-vehicle crash occurred on a north/south, seven lane, divided, straight roadway with a 4.9% grade and a speed limit of 56 kmph (35 mph). The roadway intersects an east/west, three lane, undivided, level roadway. The southbound lanes consist of three through lanes and a left turn lane. The northbound lanes consist of three through lanes. This crash occurred during daylight hours with light traffic. There were no adverse weather conditions at the time of the crash. Vehicle one (V1), a 2006 Chevrolet Silverado with two occupants, was northbound in lane two. Vehicle two (V2), a 2006 International Tractor with one trailer and one occupant, was southbound in lane three and was merging into lane four to make a left turn at the intersection. V1 departed the roadway on the left side, crossed over the median and the front of V1 struck the front of V2. V1 rotated counterclockwise and the back of V1 struck a light pole in the median as V1 moved backward. Both vehicles were towed due to damage. The two occupants in V1 were transported. The driver of V1, a forty-one year-old male traveling with a thirty-two year-old female, was traveling from the grocery store to the passenger's home. He was well rested, in good health and comfortable with his vehicle and passenger. He drives this route monthly. This driver stated that he lost control of the vehicle after steering to the left to avoid a non-contact vehicle. However the driver of V2 and a witness denied the presence of this non-contact vehicle. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded as "this vehicle traveling; off the edge of the road on the left side." The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded as "driver related factor-poor directional control." The driver of V2, a forty-six year-old male, was traveling back to work after delivering his cargo. He was in the process of changing lane to make a left turn at the upcoming intersection. He was well rested, in good health and comfortable with his vehicle. He drives this route daily. The driver stated that he first recognized V1 as it exited the intersection. He applied the brakes and downshifted the vehicle, but was unable to avoid the collision. The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded as "other vehicle encroachment; from opposite direction-over left lane line." The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event for V2 was "not coded to this vehicle."
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Aggressive Behavior, Driver Performance present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Decelerating in traffic lane

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Off the edge of the road on the left side
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From opposite direction - over left lane line

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Poor directional control (e.g., failing to control vehicle with skill ordinarily expected)
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
