Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This intersection related crash occurred several hours before midnight on a clear evening where weather played no part in the crash. The collision occurred at an intersection of two one-way streets controlled by overhead traffic control signals. Overhead lights illuminate both roadways. The speed limit for both roadways is 48 kmph (30 mph). Vehicle one (V1) was a 1989 grey Chevrolet Astro sport van occupied only by the 47-year-old male driver who was traveling east in the first lane of a westbound 4-lane bituminous one-way roadway. As V1 entered the intersection going the wrong way, it struck the left side of vehicle 2. V1 then rotated counter clockwise to end up facing west in between lanes 1 and 2 west of the impact point. The driver of V1 was transported to the hospital in serious condition. V1 was not equipped with any airbag and was towed due to damage. Vehicle two (V2) was a silver 2002 Kia Rio 4 door sedan, with the 43-year-old male driver and one passenger. V2 was traveling north in the second lane of a 3 lane two-way bituminous roadway. As V2 entered the intersection it was struck on the left side by the front of V1. V2 veered to the right to end up facing north off the north edge of the roadway. Both occupants of V2 sustained incapacitating injuries and were transported. The driver, during surgery, died from his injuries. Both frontal airbags deployed and V2 was towed due to damage. The driver of V1 was not available for an interview. Medical records states he tested positive for marijuana and had a BAC of 0.061 about half an hour after the crash occurred. This driver was driving the wrong way on a one-way street when the collision occurred. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: other vehicle encroachment-from crossing street, across path. The critical reason was coded: illegal maneuver. The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded: this vehicle traveling-crossing over (passing through) intersection. The critical reason was not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Alcohol, Decision, Drugs present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From crossing street, across path
 2 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Crossing over (passing through) intersection

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Illegal maneuver
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
