Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This single vehicle crash occurred shortly after noon on a northbound four-lane expressway from an entrance ramp. The roadway at the scene of the crash is level, slightly curved to the right, made of concrete, has a speed limit of 89 kmph (55 mph), and is divided from the southbound lanes by a jersey concrete traffic barrier. At the time of the crash there was heavy rains and the roadway was wet. The southbound lanes did not factor into this crash. Vehicle one (V1), a 1994 two-door Chevrolet Cavalier carrying five occupants, was entering the expressway via an entrance ramp from the east side of the roadway. The entrance ramp curves to the right, is down hill as it joins with the three traffic lanes. A large drainage inlet is adjacent to the lane in the gore area. Traffic is monitored on the ramp by traffic signals prior to entering the through lanes. As V1 entered the acceleration lane, the driver lost control, crossed all four lanes of traffic and impacted the concrete barrier with the front right of the vehicle. The final resting position is unknown and the pre-crash information was not attained. The driver was transported due to an incapacitating injury and the car was towed due to moderate front-end damage. The driver refused an interview. It was raining hard at the time. The driver was a 29 year-old female who did not posses a valid driver's license. The pre-event movement for V1 was coded 'negotiating a curve". The critical pre-crash event was coded "this vehicle control loss due to-traveling too fast for conditions". The critical reason was coded "driver related factor-too fast for conditions (wet roadway on a curve)". It was raining hard at the time, roadway was wet, possibly hydroplaning was involved, and curved pre-crash path and vehicle went out of control.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Driver Performance, Speed/Distance, Weather/Environment present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Negotiating a curve

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Veh. Control Loss Due To:- Traveling too fast for conditions

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Too fast for conditions (specify) :
