Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This crash occurred on a Thursday in July at 1820 hours involving a SUV and a minivan at an intersection with traffic lights. The speed limit for the SUV is 64 kmph (40 mph) and for the minivan it was 56 kmph (35 mph). The road is a two way divided (no positive barrier) concrete roadway for both vehicles. The road surface was dry and there were no detrimental atmospheric conditions at the time of the crash. Vehicle one (V1), a 1994 Jeep Cherokee was traveling south in the third lane, crossing through the intersection of both roadways. Vehicle two (V2), a 1998 Dodge Grand Caravan, was traveling east in the first lane. The front of V1 impacted the left side of V2. V2 rotated 180 degrees clockwise and came to rest facing west in the southbound lanes. V1 was deflected to the left and moved partially onto the south median of the roadway. It came to rest partially on the median, partially in lane 3, facing south. The driver of V2 was treated at the scene. Both vehicles were towed from the scene. The driver of V1 is a 51-year old female who claimed to be well rested and in good health. She possesses a valid motor vehicle license with no endorsements. She complied with the A-restrictions on her license and wore glasses at the time of the crash. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: this vehicle traveling; crossing over (passing through) intersection. The critical reason for the critical event was coded to V1 as a driver related factor: internal distraction. This vehicle ran the red light at the intersection. The driver claimed she had a clear view and saw V2 coming from the right. She also admitted she held her cell phone with her right hand and was involved in a conversation. The driver of V2 is a 48-year old female who claimed to be well rested and in good health. She possesses a valid motor vehicle license with no restrictions or endorsements. The critical pre crash event for V2 was coded: other vehicle encroachment; from crossing street, across path. No critical reason was coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Cell Phone Use, Decision, Distraction, Surveillance present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Crossing over (passing through) intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From crossing street, across path

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Internal distraction
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
