Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This crash occurred mid-afternoon during daylight hours at an urban intersection with the east/west traffic controlled by a stop sign. Each leg has two undivided lanes, west leg has a left hand curve, the south leg also has a left hand curve consisting of two undivided lanes. Road surface dry, level asphalt. Posted speed limit 40 kmph (25 mph). Vehicle one (V1), a 2000 Honda CRV SUV driven by a 30 year-old female was traveling westbound in lane one negotiating a left curve approaching the intersection. Vehicle two (V2), a 1998 Saturn SL2,sedan driven by a 40 year-old female with two passengers was traveling southbound in lane one, negotiating a left curve approaching the intersection. Vehicle one stopped for the stop sign prior to entering the intersection. Both vehicles entered the intersection and the front of vehicle one struck the left side of vehicle two. Vehicle one rotated counterclockwise and the right side of vehicle one struck the left side of vehicle two. Both vehicles came to rest in the roadway south of the impact point. Fluid spillage marked the path of vehicle one as it came to rest. The critical pre-crash event for vehicle one was coded: this vehicle traveling, crossing over (passing through) intersection. The critical reason for the critical event was coded to V1 as a driver related factor: inadequate surveillance. The critical pre-crash event for vehicle two was coded: other vehicle encroachment, from crossing street across path. The critical reason was not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Drugs, Surveillance present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Distraction, Drugs present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Stopped in traffic lane
 2 ：Negotiating a curve

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Crossing over (passing through) intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From crossing street, across path

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Inadequate surveillance (e.g., failed to look, looked but did not see)
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
