Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two-vehicle crash occurred in a four-legged, traffic signal-controlled intersection. The east/west trafficway is straight and divided by a curbed median. The westbound approach lanes are level and consist of three through lanes and a left turn lane. The eastbound approach lanes have an uphill grade and consist of three through lanes and a left turn lane. The speed limit for this roadway is 72 kmph (45 mph). It was dark with streetlights on at the time of the crash with no adverse atmospheric conditions. Vehicle one (V1), a 1988 Chevrolet S10 Blazer, was westbound in lane four. Vehicle two (V2), a 1991 Mercury Grand Marquis, was eastbound in lane two. V1 entered the intersection turning left and the front struck the front of V2. Both vehicles were towed due to damage. The driver of V1, a twenty-four-year-old male, was not interviewed; no further information is available for this driver. The driver of V2, a twenty-three-year-old male, was on his way from his home to the library. He was healthy, well rested and familiar with his vehicle. He travels this route daily. This driver stated that he thought that V1 would yield the right-of-way. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded as "this vehicle traveling; turning left at intersection." The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded as "driver related factor; type of driver error unknown." The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded as "other vehicle encroachment; from opposite direction - over left lane line." The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event for V2 was "not coded to this vehicle."
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 2:  Decision present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Turning left at intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From opposite direction - over left lane line

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Type of driver error unknown
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
