Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two-vehicle crash occurred on an undivided, level, two-lane roadway. In the crash area, this roadway is straight. In the precrash area for vehicle one, the travel lane curves to the left (the radius of curvature is 750 meters and the superelevation is two percent). The speed limit for this roadway is 72 kmph (45 mph). This crash occurred during daylight hours with no adverse atmospheric conditions. Vehicle one (V1), a 1999 Toyota Camry, was eastbound in lane one. Vehicle two (V2), a 1998 Dodge Ram bus, was westbound in lane one. V1 traveled over the lane line and the front struck the front of V2. Both vehicles were towed due to damage. The driver of V1, a fifty-six-year-old female, provided only limited information. She stated that she was looking at and dialing her cell phone when she "drifted into the oncoming lane." The driver of V2, a forty-eight-year-old female, was traveling with two passengers. This driver was not interviewed. No further information is available for this driver. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded as "this vehicle traveling; over the lane line on left side of travel lane." The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded as " driver related factor; internal distraction." The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded as "other vehicle encroachment; from opposite direction - over left lane line." The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event for V2 was "not coded to this vehicle."
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Cell Phone Use, Distraction, Surveillance present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Negotiating a curve
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Over the lane line on left side of travel lane
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From opposite direction - over left lane line

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Internal distraction
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
