Case Summary:
1    Case Summary The crash occurred in the westbound lanes of a four-lane roadway divided by a grass median. There were two eastbound lanes and two westbound lanes. This was a straight, level, asphalt roadway with a posted speed limit of 112 kmph (70 mph). It was evening on a weekday and the road was wet and it was raining. Traffic flow was congested. V1, a 2006 Pontiac Vibe four door with one occupant was traveling westbound in lane two. V2, a 1994 Chrysler Intrepid four door with two occupants was also traveling west in lane two behind V1. The driver of V1 noticed traffic stopping up ahead due to the construction. Traffic was merging into one lane ahead. The driver in V1 stopped in his traffic lane and waited for the vehicles up ahead to proceed. The driver of V2 stated that she looked up and saw a lot of brakes lights. She attempted to stop by applying the brakes, but due to the wet roadway she was unable to avoid contacting her front to the back of V1. They both came to final rest off the left side of the roadway. V1, the Pontiac Vibe, was driven by a 53-year old male who reported no injuries. He advised that he had just left work and was on his way home. He advised that he was stopped in his lane when he was rear-ended. The Critical Precrash Event for the driver of V1 was other motor vehicle in lane: traveling in same direction with higher speed. The Critical Reason was not coded to this vehicle. Some associated factors were the construction zone and the wet roads. V2, the Chrysler Intrepid, was driven by a 19-year old female who reported minor injuries, but refused treatment. She advised that she had just left home and was traveling to her boyfriend's house. She advised that she was traveling between 98-112 kmph (61-70 mph) when she made the evasive action to avoid rear-ending V1, but she was unable to stop in time. The Critical Precrash Event for the driver of V2 was other motor vehicle in lane: other vehicle stopped. The Critical Reason for the Critical Precrash Event was a driver related factor: internal distraction, because she stated that she had looked down inside the car prior to seeing the brake lights up ahead. Some associated factors were the construction zone and the wet roads. The driver was also not comfortable with the steering of the vehicle and she was talking to the passenger at the time of the crash.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Drugs, Roadway, Traffic, Weather/Environment present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Distraction, Driver Inexperience, Roadway, Surveillance, Traffic, Weather/Environment present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Traveling in same direction with higher speed
 2 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Other vehicle stopped

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
 2 ：Driver Related Factor- Internal distraction
