Case Summary:
1    Case Summary The crash occurred in the southbound lane 6 of a high-speed high volume Interstate highway separated with a concrete wall. There were five lanes and the sixth was an off ramp. Conditions were daytime and clear skies on a weekend afternoon. Vehicle #1 was a 2005 Ford Focus who was traveling southbound in lane 4 going approximately 113 KMPH (70 MPH). He was driving aggressively and got cut off by a phantom vehicle. Vehicle #2 a 2001 Mitsubishi Mirage was traveling in lane 6 of the roadway. As Vehicle #1 tried to make an avoidance maneuver he swerved into lane 5 and steered too sharply to the left then tried to over correct it, causing him to rotate clockwise and then made contact with Vehicle #2's front bumper. As Vehicle #1 rotates clockwise his right front bumper contacted Vehicle #2's right back side. Vehicle #1 then makes contact with the cement wall barrier and continues into lane 6 where Vehicle #1 contacts Vehicle #3. All of the vehicles come to final rest off the roadway and luckily no one was injured. Vehicle #1, the 2005 Ford Focus, was driven by a 21-year-old male who was driving aggressively due to an ongoing race with another vehicle, who was not involved in the accident. He did not get injured but his car was towed due to damages. The Critical Precrash Event for Vehicle # 1 was this vehicle control loss due to: traveling too fast for conditions. The Critical Reason for this vehicle was aggressive driving, as he stated in the interview “ he was racing some dude for about two miles previous”. Some other associative factors could be his medication Xanax, which is anti-anxiety. Speed also, was thought to play a role in causing the accident. Vehicle #2 was driven by a 17-year-old male who was driving in lane 5, also the high occupancy lane. He stated his travel speed was approximently113 KPH (70 MPH). He also received no injuries. He was thought to have not contributed to the crash. Although, He did try to steer left to avoid making contact it was inevitable. Vehicle #2 was towed due to damages. The Critical Precrash event for Vehicle #2 was another vehicle encroachment from the adjacent lane over the right lane line. No Critical Reason was coded for this vehicle. Some associative factors for this driver could be inexperience due to age. Vehicle #3 was driven by a 42-year-old male who was from out of state and the researcher was unable to locate the driver to get an interview. The Critical Precrash Event and Critical Reason were not assigned to this vehicle as it was not part of the first harmful event.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Aggressive Behavior, Distraction, Driver Inexperience, Driver Performance, Driver Physical, Driver Stress/Emotion, Drugs, Speed/Distance present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Driver Physical present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Going straight
 3 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Veh. Control Loss Due To:- Traveling too fast for conditions
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From adjacent lane (same direction) - over right lane line
 3 ：Other- Not involved first harmful event

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Overcompensation
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
 3 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
