Case Summary:
1    Case Summary The crash occurred in the northbound lanes of an eight lane roadway divided by a grass median and a positive barrier. There are five northbound and four southbound lanes. This was a straight, level, bituminous roadway with a posted speed limit of 55 mph. It was the late part of the evening on a weekday and the road was dry and the sky was clear. Traffic flow was constant. V1, a 1999 Hyundai Elantra 4-door with three occupants, was traveling northbound in lane four. V2, a 1997 Ford Taurus 4-door with two occupants, was traveling in lane four. V3, a 2005 Peterbilt Truck with one occupant was traveling in lane two. V1 was driving at a high rate of speed in lane four. The driver was attempting to change lanes over into lane five. The driver of the vehicle then lost control of the vehicle, left the roadway and onto the shoulder, then striking the guardrail on the left side of the highway, then returned onto the roadway and struck V2 that was traveling in lane four. The occupant of V1 which was in seating position 5, was then ejected from V1. After striking V1, V2 then veered off onto lane two where V3 was traveling and struck it on its left side. V1, the Hyundai Elantra, was driven by a 18 year old male who was transported due to injuries from the scene. The other occupant who was sitting in the front passenger seat was taken to the hospital for injuries as well. The occupant who was sitting in the rear seat that was ejected from the vehicle was pronounced dead on the scene. Associates of driver stated that he (the driver) had just received his license 3 months ago and was a novice driver. They stated that he and the occupants had just left a church function and they were all going to go bowling. They had warned him about speeding and told him to be careful. The driver stated that he doesn't know why he lost control of the car, but did say he was not driving crazy. He stated that he was driving about 89 kmph (55 mph). The Critical Pre-crash Event for V1 was “this vehicle traveling off the edge of the road on the left side”. The Critical Reason for the Critical Pre-crash Event was coded “driving aggressively”. He was a new driver and did not take any precautions. V2, the 1997 Ford Taurus was driven by a 43 year old female who was transported due to injuries. Researcher has tried effortlessly to get interview from driver who will not return phone calls. The Critical Pre-crash Event for V2 was "not involved in first harmful event". The Critical Reason was not coded to this vehicle. V3, the 2005 Peterbilt Tractor was not involved in the first harmful event. Therefore, no critical precrash event or Critical reason was coded to the driver of the Truck.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Aggressive Behavior, Distraction, Driver Inexperience, Driver Stress/Emotion, Speed/Distance present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Changing lanes
 2 ：Going straight
 3 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Veh. Control Loss Due To:- Traveling too fast for conditions
 2 ：Other- Not involved first harmful event
 3 ：Other- Not involved first harmful event

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Aggressive driving behavior
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
 3 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
