Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two-vehicle crash occurred at noon during daylight hours at an intersection with six lanes east/west with a median divider, two lanes north/south with a stop sign controlling the flow of traffic,the surface is asphalt ,dry and free of defects. There were no adverse atmospheric conditions at that time. The posted speed limit 56 kmph (35 mph). Vehicle one (V1), a 1998 Ford Explorer SUV driven by a 30 year-old female was stopped, facing eastbound in the third lane preparing to turn left at an intersection. Vehicle two (V2), a 1997 Nissan Sentra sedan driven by a 41 year-old female was traveling westbound in the first lane approaching the same intersection. V1 attempted to make a left turn into the path of V2. As V1 crossed the path of V2, the front of V1 struck the right of V2. Both vehicles moved northwest. V2 departed the road over the west curb and came to rest in the front yard of a nearby residence. V1 came to rest in the roadway. V2 was towed from the scene due to damage sustained in the collision. V1 was driven from the scene without disabling damage. The driver of V1 was well rested and familiar with the area. She was not under the influence of drugs or alcohol. During the interview she stated that she had a clear, unobstructed view of roadway, but did not see V2. The driver of V2 was well rested and familiar with area. She was not under the influence of drugs or alcohol. As V1 turned across her path, she applied her brakes and steered to the left to avoid the accident. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: this vehicle traveling, turning left at intersection. The critical reason for the critical event was coded to V1 as a driver related factor: inadequate surveillance (e.g., failed to look, looked but did not see). This driver didn't see V2 prior to entering the intersection. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: other vehicle encroachment; from opposite direction, over left lane line. The critical reason was not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision, Surveillance present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Stopped in traffic lane
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Turning left at intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From opposite direction - over left lane line

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Inadequate surveillance (e.g., failed to look, looked but did not see)
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
