Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This single-vehicle crash occurred on the median of a divided trafficway. The eastbound roadway is level, curved to the right in the eastbound direction and consists of three through lanes with jersey barriers on both sides. The posted speed limit is 80 kph (50 mph). Traffic was light at the time of the crash. It was dark with streetlights on at the time of the crash with no adverse atmospheric conditions. Vehicle one (V1), a 2001 Ford F-150, with one occupant, was eastbound in the second travel lane. A non-contact vehicle (NCV), a 2003 Ford F-150, was eastbound in lane three. The NCV changed lanes to the right. The driver of V1 steered right to avoid the vehicle and then steered left. V1 traveled off the roadway into the median and the front of V1 struck the jersey barrier. V1 then rotated counterclockwise and came to rest facing southeast in the roadway. V1 was towed due to damage. The driver of V1, a twenty-two year old male, was on his way home from a friend's home. This driver had been driving for about twenty-five minutes, drives the route daily and is familiar with the vehicle. When he realized that the NCV was changing lanes, he steered right, then left, applied the brakes and then lost control of the vehicle. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: this vehicle traveling - off the edge of the road on the left side. The critical reason was coded: poor direction control (e.g., failing to control vehicle with skill ordinarily expected). This driver's overcompensation was an associated factor in this crash.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision, Driver Performance, Drugs present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Negotiating a curve

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Off the edge of the road on the left side

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Poor directional control (e.g., failing to control vehicle with skill ordinarily expected)
