Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two vehicle crash occurred during early evening dusk hours in the southbound lane of a two lane two way residential roadway, with parking along both sides of the street. Also, on the west side of the roadway there is an off roadway parking area. The bituminous roadway is straight, level, and wet at the time of the crash. The crash occurred at dusk, and there was a light rain at the time. The speed limit on the roadway is 32 KPH (20 MPH). Vehicle one (V 1), a 2000 Jaguar S-type 4-door sedan driven by a 36 year-old male, was southbound in the first lane approaching the parking area. A non-contacted vehicle began to back into the roadway from the parking area. V 1 swerved to the left in order to avoid contacting this vehicle, then, due to vehicles parked on the left side of the roadway, had to swerve back to the right. V 1 struck the left side of parked vehicle. Vehicle two (V 20, a 2001 Chrysler Sebring 4-door sedan that was legally parked and unoccupied on the right side of the roadway, with it's right side. V 1 continued south from the point of impact approximately fifty meters before coming to final rest at the right side of the roadway. V 1 was towed from the scene due to damage. The pre-event movement for V 1 was coded going straight, category This Vehicle Traveling, Over the lane line on right side of travel lane. The Critical Reason for the Critical Event was a Driver Related Factor: Too fast to be able to respond to unexpected actions of others (the non-contacted vehicle backing out of a parking position into the travel lane). Associated factors Per the Driver Interview, V 1 was traveling 56 to 64 KPH (35 to 40 MPH) at the time. He stated that he always drives thru this roadway at that speed. An associated factor for this driver was the fact that it was raining at the time and the roadway was wet. An additional associated factor is that the drive is required to wear glasses or contact lenses, which he was not.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Aggressive Behavior, Driver Performance, Driver Physical, Speed/Distance, Vision, Weather/Environment present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Over the lane line on right side of travel lane

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Too fast to be able to respond to unexpected actions of others (specify) :
