Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two vehicle crash occurred early evening hours on a dark but lighted, seven-lane, roadway which was wet due to earlier rain: however, it was not raining at the time of the collision. This roadway runs east and west and has a curbed median with a left and right turn lane. The posted speed limit on this road is 56 kmph (25 mph). Vehicle one (V1), a 1991 Acura Legend sedan driven by a 71 year-old male, was entering the roadway heading south from a driveway on the north curb. Vehicle two (V2), a 1995 Toyota Corolla sedan driven by a 26 year-old female, was traveling west in the number two lane. As V1 attempted its left turn, its left side was impacted by the front of V2. V1 rotated clockwise to face southwest at final rest. V2 came to final rest in a southwest direction next to vehicle one. Both vehicles came to rest in the intersection. Both vehicles were towed due to damage. The driver of V1 was on an errand going from home to a video store. He has a pace maker and takes an unspecified medication for high blood pressure. He indicated that he looked to the left but never saw V2 prior to impact. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: this vehicle traveling, turning left at intersection. The critical reason for the critical event was coded to V1 as a driver related factor: inadequate surveillance (e.g., failed to look, looked but did not see). The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded: other motor vehicle encroachment; from driveway, turning into opposite direction. The critical reason for the critical event was not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Driver Physical, Drugs, Surveillance, Vision present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Stopped in traffic lane
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Turning left at intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From driveway, turning into oppsite direction

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Inadequate surveillance (e.g., failed to look, looked but did not see)
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
