Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This three-vehicle crash occurred at an intersection with traffic signals. Both trafficways are straight and divided by a curbed median. All approach roadways consist of three through lanes and a left turn lane. The northbound approach has an uphill grade. The speed limit is 64 kmph (40 mph) for both roadways. The road surfaces were dry and there were no adverse atmospheric conditions at the time of the crash. It was early afternoon on a weekday and there was moderate traffic on the roadways. Vehicle one (V1), a 1999 Ford F-150 pickup, was traveling west in the third lane of traffic, approaching the intersection. Vehicle two (V2), a 2005 Honda Civic, was traveling north in the second lane. Vehicle three (V3), a 2002 Mitsubishi Galant, was stopped in lane two of the southbound lanes of traffic. In the intersection, the front of V1 struck the right side of V2. V1 rotated clockwise and came to rest in the intersection facing northwest. V2 rotated counterclockwise and moved to the northwest. The left front corner of V2 struck the back left side of V3. V2 continued to the northwest and traveled off the road where the front left wheel/tire struck the curb and the front struck a utility pole. V2 rotated clockwise at the utility pole before it came to rest at the pole, facing northwest. V1 and V2 were towed from the scene. The 30-year old female driver of V1 was not interviewed. No further information is available for this driver. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: this vehicle traveling, crossing over (passing through) intersection. The critical reason was coded: type of driver error unknown. A 21-year old female drove V2. She was on her way back to her residence after she drove a friend to her nearby job site. She was healthy, well rested and familiar with her vehicle and route. The critical pre crash event for V2 was coded: other vehicle encroachment-from crossing street, across path. The critical reason for the critical event was not coded to this vehicle. This driver's failure to obey the red traffic signal was an associated factor in this crash. A 46-year-old female was the driver of V3. She was heading back from her work place to her residence. She said she was stopped at the red light and saw V2 was entering the intersection despite having a red signal. A critical pre-crash reason for V3 was coded: not involved in first harmful event. A critical reason was not assigned to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Surveillance present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Decision, Driver Inexperience, Surveillance present problem 
Vehicle 3:  Drugs present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Going straight
 3 ：Stopped in traffic lane

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Crossing over (passing through) intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From crossing street, across path
 3 ：Other- Not involved first harmful event

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Type of driver error unknown
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
 3 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
