Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two vehicle crash occurred mid-afternoon during daylight hours at an intersection controlled by on-colors traffic signals. Roads surface dry asphalt. Eastbound lanes have a positive 15% grade with a posted speed limit in all directions of 40 kmph (25 mph). Vehicle one (V1), a 1989 Honda Civic 4-door sedan, driven by a 50 year-old male was traveling west in lane one approaching the intersection with the intention of turning left. V1 stopped prior to entering intersection in order to turn left. Vehicle two (V2), a 2001 Jeep Wrangler 4x4 Open Body (soft top), driven by a 18 year-old male with one passenger was traveling east in lane one approaching intersection. As V2 crested on roadway (entered intersection), V2 driver noticed V1 turning from his front left and applied brakes with lock-up. V2's right front contacted V1 right front corner and right side. Force of impact pushed V1 laterally to the left before coming to final rest in southeast quadrant of intersection. V2 final rest was in the intersection (lane one of eastbound traffic). Per two witness statements, both witnesses agreed that due to the negative slope of roadway, V1's driver did not pull forward far enough into the intersection to see oncoming eastbound traffic adequately. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: this vehicle traveling, turning left at intersection. The critical reason for the critical event was coded to V1 as a driver related factor: inadequate surveillance (e.g., failed to look, looked but did not see). The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded: other vehicle encroachment; from opposite direction, over left lane line. The critical reason was not coded to this vehicle,
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision, Driver Fatigue, Drugs, Surveillance present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Roadway present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Stopped in traffic lane
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Turning left at intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From opposite direction - over left lane line

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Inadequate surveillance (e.g., failed to look, looked but did not see)
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
