Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This four-vehicle crash occurred during the afternoon hours on a four-lane north/southbound roadway. The roadway is straight and level, bituminous asphalt, divided by a median without a positive barrier and has no traffic control devices where the crash took place. The posted speed limit was 56 kmph (35 mph). The northbound and southbound roads each have two lanes and room for parking on the east and west curb lines. The road surface was dry and the sky was clear. Vehicle one (V1), a 1997 four-door Nissan Altima, believed to be carrying one male occupant, was traveling northbound in lane one. Owners of V2 and V3 reported that the driver made a U-turn north of their cars and then began heading southbound. Vehicle two (V2), a 2003 Mitsubishi Galant, vehicle three (V3), an Acura TL passenger car and vehicle four (V4) a 2003 Toyota Corolla were parked facing south in the parking lane of the west side of the street. The three vehicles were legally parked. There were no occupants in the three vehicles. While traveling southbound for some unknown reason the driver of V1 allowed the vehicle to drift to the right where V1 struck V2, V3 and V4 before V1 rolled over onto its left side where it came to rest adjacent to V4. During the crash sequence, the front of V3 moved forward and struck the rear of V4. V1 was towed from the scene. A report of this crash was not created. The critical pre-crash event for vehicle one was coded as: this vehicle traveling, over the lane line on right side of travel lane. The critical reason was coded as: type of driver error unknown. The driver was not identified and a report of the crash was not generated.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision, Driver Performance present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Over the lane line on right side of travel lane

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Type of driver error unknown
