Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This three vehicle daytime collision occurred at 1607 hours. The collision occurred on the northbound lanes of a divided interstate highway, in the third of three lanes. The pre-crash roadway for all vehicles is straight and level, dry worn concrete paving. The roadway has a posted speed limit of 96 Kmph (60mph). Vehicle 1 (V 1), a 1994 Chevrolet Astro Van, driven by a 34 year-old male was traveling northbound on the roadway in lane three. Vehicle 2 (V 2), a 2004 Chevrolet Silverado Large pickup, driven by a 35 year-old male was traveling northbound in lane three. Vehicle 3 (V 3), a 2000 Toyota 4Runner compact utility vehicle, driven by a 29 year-old male was traveling northbound in lane 3. V 3 slowed for traffic congestion, and V 2 slowed behind V 3 within one car length. V 1 did not slow, and the front of V 1 collided off-center with the rear of V 2. This impact forced V 2 into V 3, although the damage to the front of V 2 and the rear of V 3 was not noticeable. V 1 was towed due to disabling damage, and the driver of V 2 was transported to a local medical facility. V-1,V-3 were driven from the scene. The driver of V 1 could not be interviewed due to a language barrier, and no interpreter could be contacted. The pre-event movement for V 1 was coded going straight. The critical pre-crash event was coded other motor vehicle in lane traveling in same direction while decelerating. The critical reason for the critical event driver related factor, "type of driver error unknown" . The pre-event movement for V 2 was coded decelerating in traffic lane. The critical pre-crash event was coded other motor vehicle in lane, traveling in same direction with higher steady speed. The critical reason for the critical event is not coded to this vehicle. The pre-event movement for V 3 was coded decelerating in traffic lane, This vehicle was not involved in the first harmful event,
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Traffic present problem 
Vehicle 3:  Traffic present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Decelerating in traffic lane
 3 ：Decelerating in traffic lane

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Traveling in same direction while decelerating
 2 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Traveling in same direction with higher speed
 3 ：Other- Not involved first harmful event

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Type of driver error unknown
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
 3 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
