Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This three-vehicle crash (one in-transport) occurred in the evening hours on a one-way, one-lane roadway. There were no traffic control devices associated with this stretch of roadway. The roadway was dry, and there were no adverse atmospheric conditions at the time of the incident. The grade for the roadway was determined to be level, and the posted speed limit was 40kph (25mph). Vehicle one (V1), a 1996 Ford Mustang, was traveling north on the roadway approaching an intersection. There was another vehicle exiting a driveway onto the roadway in which V1 was traveling. Vehicle one exited the roadway on the left side before returning to the road. Upon returning to the road, he lost control and proceeded to exit the right lane of travel, making contact with two legally parked vehicles. After impact, the vehicle one rotated approximately 180 degrees before coming to final rest. The two parked vehicles continued forward after the impact. The first parked vehicle remained on the roadway, however the second parked vehicle was pushed up off the edge of the road onto the sidewalk. The driver of vehicle one, a 16 year-old male, did not suffer any injuries as a result of the collision. There were no other occupants present in the vehicle at the time of the crash. This researcher could not obtain an interview from this driver due to communication barriers as well as legal reasons. For this reason, it is unknown whether or not fatigue or health related issues contributed to this crash. The Critical Precrash Event coded to this vehicle was: this vehicle traveling over the right lane line. The reason for the Critical Precrash Event was coded as: too fast to be able to respond to unexpected actions of others.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Driver Inexperience, Driver Performance, Speed/Distance present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Avoidance maneuver to a previous critical event

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Over the lane line on right side of travel lane

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Overcompensation
