Case Summary:
1    Case Summary The crash occurred in the northbound lane of a two-lane roadway in an intersection controlled by a stop sign. Conditions were dusk with rain in the evening on a weekday. Both roads had a posted speed limit of 56 Kph (35 MPH). V1 was a 2005 Dodge Stratus Sedan and was traveling westbound in the right lane approaching an intersection. V2, a 1993 Chevy Corsica Sedan, was traveling northbound in the right lane approaching the same intersection controlled by a stop sign. V2 made a complete stop at the stop sign, then continued through the intersection and struck the left side of V1 in the middle of the intersection. Both vehicles came to final rest facing northwest. A 25-year-old male who was not injured drove V1. He stated that he was driving westbound when V2 came out from the intersection and struck his vehicle on the left side. V1 was traveling approximately 56 Kph (35MPH) at the time of impact. He did not have time to take any avoidance actions. V1 was towed due to damage. The Critical Pre-crash Event for V1 was other vehicle encroachment - encroaching from crossing street across the path of V1. The critical reason for the critical precrash event was not coded to this vehicle. An associated factor coded to V1 was the driver not being familiar with the vehicle or the roadway. It was also raining at the time of the crash. A 20-year-old male, who was not injured, drove V2. He stated that he was traveling northbound, stopped at the stop sign, then preceded thru the intersection. He stated that he looked but did not see V1. V2 was traveling less than 16 KPH (10 MPH) at the time of impact. The driver of V2 swerved left just before the impact. V2 was towed due to damage. The driver admitted to conversing with his passengers at the time of the crash. The Critical Pre-crash Event for V2 was crossing over and through the intersection. The Critical Reason for the Critical Pre-crash Event was a recognition error - inadequate surveillance - looked but did not see. Associated factors coded to this driver were the driver not being familiar with the area (first time on roadway) and the driver was talking to the passenger prior to the impact.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Driver Inexperience, Roadway, Weather/Environment present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Distraction, Driver Inexperience, Roadway, Surveillance, Weather/Environment present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Stopped in traffic lane

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From crossing street, across path
 2 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Crossing over (passing through) intersection

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
 2 ：Driver Related Factor- Inadequate surveillance (e.g., failed to look, looked but did not see)
