Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two vehicle crash occurred mid-afternoon. The weather was clear and dry and it was daylight. The roadway was a bituminous divided interstate with three lanes in each direction with a Jersey barrier center divider. Both vehicles were traveling southbound in the center lane, which has a negative grade with a slight curve to the right. Traffic flow was heavy, but traveling at near the speed limit, which is 97 kmph (60 mph). Vehicle one (V1), a 1993 Honda Civic LX four door sedan, driven by a 25 year-old female was traveling southbound in the center lane behind vehicle two (V2). V2 was a 1999 Toyota Tacoma 4X2 Xtra-cab compact pickup driven by a 56 year-old male who was traveling southbound in the center lane at approximately the speed limit. V2 slowed rapidly for traffic ahead and then came to a stop. V1 was unable to stop in time and its front impacted the rear of vehicle two. V1 stopped on impact after under riding the back of V2. Both drivers got out of their vehicles and pushed V1 to the right shoulder. V2 was not disabled, had no visible damage and was driven away from the scene. V1 was towed from the scene. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: other motor vehicle in lane, other vehicle stopped. The critical reason for the critical event was coded to V1 as a driver related factor: too fast to be able to respond to unexpected actions of others. The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded: other motor vehicle in lane, traveling in same direction with higher speed. The critical reason was not coded to this vehicle .
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision, Driver Inexperience, Speed/Distance, Traffic present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Traffic present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Negotiating a curve
 2 ：Decelerating in traffic lane

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Other vehicle stopped
 2 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Traveling in same direction with higher speed

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Too fast to be able to respond to unexpected actions of others (specify) :
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
