Case Summary:
1    Case Summary The single vehicle crash occurred on a four-lane, divided, north/south roadway. There are two travel lanes for southbound traffic. The southbound lanes are dry, of concrete construction with a negative grade leading up to the point-of-impact and level at the point-of-impact. The lanes also have a slight right curve with an unknown radius. The posted speed limit is 48 kph (30 mph). A curbed concrete median divides the northbound from the southbound lanes. Traffic was light at the time of the crash. This crash occurred during early morning daylight hours with clear skies. Vehicle one (V1), a 2007 Suzuki Forenza, with one occupant, was southbound in the second travel lane. V1 entered the median and the left plane sruck a bridge support wall. V1 then rotated counterclockwise and the right side of V1 struck the bride support wall. V1 came to rest facing north in the second southbound lane. V1 was towed due to damage. The driver of V1, a twenty-one year old female, was heading home from a friend's place. This driver had been driving for about fifteen minutes, drives the route and the vehicle monthly. The driver claimed to have had a "bad night" and was deep in thought at the time. The reason was personal and the driver did not want to elaborate. The driver stated that did not know what she hit or how the accident happened. The researcher asked the driver directly if she could have briefly fallen asleep prior to the collision. The driver denied that she had fallen asleep. She admitted to being in a hurry and emotionally upset. She was focused on her personal problem and possibly fatigued. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: this vehicle traveling - off the edge of the road on the left side. The critical reason for V1 was coded: driver related factor - inattention.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Distraction, Driver Fatigue, Driver Performance, Driver Stress/Emotion present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Off the edge of the road on the left side

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Inattention (i.e., daydreaming)
