Case Summary:
1    Case Summary The crash occurred on an east/westbound two-lane undivided roadway with one lane in each direction. The asphalt road was straight, dry, dark (not lighted) and level with a posted speed limit of 64kmph/40mph. There were no traffic control devices. The crash happened on a weekday evening under clear skies and with congested traffic flow. V1, a 1998 Honda Accord two-door coupe with one occupant, was traveling westbound in lane one. V2, a 1992 Ford Ranger pickup truck with three occupants, was stopped in lane one ahead of V1. V3, a 1997 Nissan Pathfinder four-door utility vehicle with two occupants, was stopped in lane one ahead of V2. As V1 approached V2, its driver braked and steered right in an unsuccessful attempt to avoid impact. The front left of V1 struck the back right of V2 (Event 1), causing it to rotate slightly in a counterclockwise direction as it was pushed forward about 2m to where the front of V2 struck the back of V3 (Event 2). This impact pushed V3 forward about 2m as it rotated slightly in a clockwise direction. V1 came to rest within 2m of impact facing northwest straddling lane one and the right shoulder. V2 came to rest within 2m of the first impact facing southwest in lane one. V3 came to rest within 2m of impact facing northwest straddling lane one and the right shoulder. V1, the Honda Accord, was driven by a 26-year old male who was not injured. He reported that he had just left work for home and that he was traveling about 40kmph/25mph. He said that he was going straight and glanced down at either his phone or pager for an unknown reason, but denied using them. He added that when he looked back up he noticed a line of traffic stopped ahead of him. He said braked without lockup and steered right in an unsuccessful attempt to avoid hitting V2. The Critical Pre-crash Event for V1 was other motor vehicle stopped in lane ahead. The Critical Reason for the Critical Event was an internal distraction. An associated factor was assigned to V1 for driver fatigue, because the driver is a medical student admittedly working 80 hours per week and only getting five hours of sleep per night. Other associated factors were assigned for driver recognition, inadequate surveillance, failed to look far enough ahead; other non-driving activities, focused on the phone or pager; emotional stress caused by having to work extended shifts; and for other, highway, due to the traffic congestion. V2, the Ford Ranger, was driven by a 33-year old male. Neither he nor his passengers were injured. The driver reported that he had just picked up one of his passengers and they were traveling to a nearby store. He added that he had been stopped more than 10 seconds in traffic. The driver said that he was conversing with his passengers and heard tires screeching behind him so he glanced into his rear view mirror and saw that V1 was about to strike him from behind. He said he could not take any evasive action. The Critical Pre-crash Event for V2 was other motor vehicle in lane traveling the same direction with a higher rate of speed. The Critical Reason for the Critical Event was not coded for this vehicle. Associated factors were assigned to V2 for driver behavior, recognition - he was conversing with his passengers; for other, highway, due to the traffic congestion; and for other, vehicle, tire/wheel deficiency because the front tires were undersized while the rear tires were oversized. V3, the Nissan Pathfinder, was driven by a 27-year old female. Neither she nor her passenger was injured. The driver reported that she had just left home on her way to a business appointment. She added that she had been stopped more than 10 seconds in line of traffic. The driver said that she was conversing with her passenger and that she was not aware that she was going to be struck from behind so she took no evasive action. No Critical Pre-crash Event and no Critical Reason for the Critical Event were coded for this vehicle since it was not involved in the first harmful event. Associated factors were assigned to V3 for other, highway - the congested traffic; driver physical health due to presence of asthma and fainting spells; for driver recognition because she was conversing with her passenger; and emotional, because of work related stress caused by having to work rotating shifts.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Distraction, Driver Fatigue, Driver Stress/Emotion, Surveillance, Traffic present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Distraction, Traffic, Vehicle present problem 
Vehicle 3:  Distraction, Driver Physical, Driver Stress/Emotion, Traffic present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Stopped in traffic lane
 3 ：Stopped in traffic lane

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Other vehicle stopped
 2 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Traveling in same direction with higher speed
 3 ：Other- Not involved first harmful event

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Internal distraction
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
 3 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
