Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two-car collision occurred on a two-way three-lane roadway in the early afternoon hours. The straight and level roadway consists of two lanes running southeast, one lane running northwest and a parking lane on the northwest side of the roadway. There is a double-yellow stripe that separates the two directions of travel. The posted speed limit for this roadway is 48 kmph (30 mph). It was daylight with no adverse weather conditions. Vehicle one (V1), a 2005 Jeep Grand Cherokee with one occupant, was traveling southeast in lane two. Vehicle two (V2), a 1994 Toyota Camry also with one occupant, was traveling northwest in lane one. The driver of vehicle one was attempting a left hand turn into the drive-thru entrance of a pharmacy when the front of that vehicle contacted the front of V2. After impact both vehicles came to rest near to area of impact. V1 was not towed; vehicle two incurred moderate front-end damage that made it inoperable. Both drivers received no injuries. The driver of V1 was a 30-year-old female who was on an errand for this trip. The critical pre-crash event for vehicle one was coded as: This Vehicle Traveling, Over the lane line on the left side of travel line. The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event was code to the driver of V1 as a driver recognition error: Inadequate surveillance (e.g., failed to look, looked but did not see other vehicle). The driver of V1 was listening to the radio in her vehicle. She stated that she wears glasses but was not wearing them at the time of the crash. After stopping in her lane to turn into the private driveway, she looked in the direction of V2 and did not see it prior to beginning her turn. She then looked to the left in the direction of her turn, away from the roadway and started her turn. After the turn started she then noticed V2 coming towards her vehicle just before impact. She claimed no other external or internal distractions or sight line restrictions. There were no traffic controls present at this junction of the roadway and private driveway. This driver did not yield the right-of-way to oncoming traffic prior to making the left turn. The driver of V2 was a 46-year-old male. He was on an errand coming home from the grocery store when the crash occurred. The critical pre-crash event for vehicle two was coded as: Other Vehicle Encroachment, From opposite direction -- over left lane line. The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event was not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Drugs, Surveillance present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Stopped in traffic lane
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Over the lane line on left side of travel lane
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From opposite direction - over left lane line

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Inadequate surveillance (e.g., failed to look, looked but did not see)
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
