Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two vehicle daytime collision occurred early evening. The collision occurred at an intersection comprised of a one-way eastbound roadway and a one-way northbound roadway controlled by a traffic light. The eastbound roadway has 2 lanes and the northbound roadway has four lanes. Both roadways were bituminous, level. dry, free of congestion, poor weather conditions, and/or road deficiencies at the time of the collision. Both roadways are designated as 48 kmph (30 mph) zones. Vehicle one (V1), a 1993 Honda Civic hatchback driven by a 23 year-old male, was traveling eastbound. Vehicle two (V2), a 2000 Ford Crown Victoria taxi driven by a 40 year-old male, was traveling northbound. As the vehicles entered the intersection the front of V2 impacted the right side of V1. V1 rotated clockwise and continued after impact in a northeast direction. V1 came to rest in the northeast corner of the intersection facing south. V2 rotated clockwise continuing after impact in an easterly direction. V2 came to rest in the eastern quadrant of the intersection facing southeast. Both vehicles were towed due to damage. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: this vehicle traveling, crossing over (passing through) intersection. The critical reason for the critical event was coded to V1 as a driver related factor: illegal maneuver, for disregard of traffic signal. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: other vehicle encroachment; from crossing street, across path. The critical reason was not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision, Surveillance present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Drugs present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Crossing over (passing through) intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From crossing street, across path

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Illegal maneuver
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
