Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two-vehicle crash occurred just past noon on a straight, asphalt, three-lane, undivided, roadway approaching a private driveway. The road runs east and west at the location of the crash and has one lane in each direction with and left turn lane in the middle. The speed limit on the road is 89 kph (35 mph) and there were no adverse weather conditions at the time. Vehicle one, a 1996 Ford Taurus sedan, driven by a 20 year-old female was traveling southbound and coming out of a two-lane private driveway to turn left. Vehicle two, a 1993 Honda Accord sedan, driven by a 37 year-old female was traveling westbound in lane one going straight. Vehicle one proceeded with her turn then stopped when she observed vehicle two thinking that vehicle two would go around. The front of vehicle two impacted the left side of vehicle one. Vehicle one rotated clockwise and came to rest on its wheels facing southwest in the westbound number one lane. Vehicle two rotated slightly counter clockwise and came to rest on its wheels facing southwest in lane one. Vehicle one was towed from the scene, vehicle two was driven from the scene. The pre-event movement for vehicle one coded stopped in travel lane, category this vehicle traveling turning left at intersection. Critical reason for the critical event coded driver related factor "false assumption of other's actions". The pre-event movement for vehicle two coded going straight, category other vehicle encroachment from driveway, turning into opposite direction. Critical reason not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision, Distraction, Driver Performance, Surveillance present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Driver Physical, Driver Stress/Emotion, Drugs present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Stopped in traffic lane
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Turning left at intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From driveway, turning into oppsite direction

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- False assumption of other's actions
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
