Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This crash occurred just after noon on a weekday in the westbound lane of a two-lane suburban roadway. The roadway consisted of one lane in each direction with a posted speed limit of 56 kmph (35 mph). The bituminous roadway was curved to the right (radius of curvature 52m) with a -4% slope pre-crash, but level thereafter. The traffic flow was normal, but the roadway was wet from a light rain that was falling at the time of the crash. V1, a 2001 Lexus IS300 four-door with one occupant, was westbound in lane one negotiating the curve. After turning left from lane two of an intersecting, westbound three-lane roadway, the driver lost control of his vehicle and began skidding laterally (clockwise rotation). The vehicle drove off the right side of the roadway, struck a raised manhole, continued rotating until its tires dug in the soft ground and rolled over eight quarter-turns before coming to final rest upright facing south roughly 37m from the manhole. V1 was towed due to damage. The driver of V1, a 27-year old male, suffered a minor injury, but refused transport. At the scene the driver told the researcher that when he turned left from the intersecting roadway, he accelerated as he drove down the sloped surface that curved to the right. He said the vehicle began to fishtail and he lost control. He tried to regain control but departed the road to the right side and struck a manhole cover. The vehicle than rolled over until it landed upright on the grass. The driver said he had to leave and asked the researcher to call him that evening to complete the interview. Numerous attempts were made to contact the driver but he was unable to be located to complete the interview. The Critical Precrash Event for V1 was coded this vehicle traveling, off the edge of the road on the right side. The Critical Reason for the Critical Event was driver related, traveling too fast for curve. The known associated factors coded for V1 include traveling too fast for conditions, overcompensation, as well as the rain and wet roads.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Driver Performance, Roadway, Speed/Distance, Vehicle, Weather/Environment present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Negotiating a curve

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Off the edge of the road on the right side

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Too fast for curve/turn
