Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This crash occurred during the late evening hours on the roadside of a two-way, two-lane, not physically divided stretch of roadway. The roadway was straight and level with posted speed limit of 48kmph (30 mph). The roadway was covered with ice at the time of the crash, a light snow was falling, and heavy crosswinds recorded around 32kmph (20 mph) gusting up to 56kmph (35 mph) that evening on the dark roadway. V1, a 2000 Nissan Xterra, was northbound when it crossed the centerline into the travel lane for opposing traffic. V2, a 1998 Ford Explorer, was southbound approaching V1, in an attempt to avoid a collision she maneuvered her vehicle off the right side of the roadway. Both vehicles were attempting to avoid each other, and the drivers of each vehicle decided to try to exit the icy roadway by way of the western shoulder. The crash occurred at this point, when both vehicles were off the roadway. The front of V1 contacted the left side of V2, causing airbag deployment in V1. V1, a 2000 Nissan Xterra, was driven by a 46-year-old female. The driver felt the rear end “slide” to the right and began to rotate in a counter-clockwise rotation. The driver stated that she didn't want to hit any of the other vehicles so she drove the vehicle to the left. The Critical Precrash Event of V1 was coded as other, this vehicle departing roadway. The Critical Reason was coded as an incorrect evasive action. The driver should have attempted to bring the vehicle to a stop without crossing the centerline preferably on the eastern shoulder. Associated factors for this crash were weather-related as it was snowy with a severe crosswind as well as an icy, slick road. V2 a 1998 Ford Explorer was driven by a 34-year-old female driver. The driver of V2 stated she saw V2 crossing into her lane of travel, in an attempt to avoid a collision she maneuvered her vehicle off the right side of the roadway. The Critical Precrash Event was coded as other, this vehicle departing roadway. The Critical Reason was not coded for this event. Associated factors include the same weather and road conditions listed for V1 as well as an incorrect evasive action. Chances are if the driver of V2 had stayed in her lane she would have avoided V1 completely thereby preventing the crash.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision, Roadway, Speed/Distance, Weather/Environment present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Decision, Drugs, Roadway, Weather/Environment present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Other- Other (specify) :
 2 ：Other- Other (specify) :

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Incorrect evasive action
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
