Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two-vehicle crash occurred in a four-legged, traffic signal-controlled intersection. The north/south trafficway is level, straight and divided by a curbed median. The southbound lanes consist of two through lanes, two left turn lanes and a right turn lane. The northbound lanes consist of two through lanes, one left turn lane and a right turn lane. The speed limit for this trafficway is 80 kmph (50 mph). This crash occurred during daylight hours with no adverse atmospheric conditions. Vehicle one (V1), a 1999 Mercury Sable, was southbound in lane four. Vehicle two (V2), a 1009 GMC Sierra K1500 pickup, was northbound in lane two. V1 turned left in the intersection and the front struck the front of V2. Both vehicles were towed due to damage. The driver of V1, a thirty-nine-year-old female, was traveling from a doctor's office to a restaurant with two teenage passengers. She was well rested, in good health and comfortable with her vehicle and her passengers. She takes Synthroid and Pepcid for a thyroid condition and acid reflux. This driver stated that she was focused on finding the restaurant. This was the first time she had driven on this roadway. The driver of V2, an eighteen-year-old male, was on his way to lunch from work. He was healthy, well rested and familiar with his vehicle. He travels this route daily. This driver stated that he did not see V1 prior to the crash. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded as "this vehicle traveling; turning left at intersection." The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded as "driver related factor; external distraction." The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded as "other vehicle encroachment; from opposite direction - over left lane line." The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event for V2 was "not coded to this vehicle." This driver's failure to look ahead to the side was an associated factor in this crash.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Distraction, Driver Inexperience, Drugs, Surveillance present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Driver Fatigue, Surveillance present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Turning left at intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From opposite direction - over left lane line

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- External distraction
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
