Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This crash occurred on the roadway of a two-lane, two-way, non-divided, rural asphalt roadway with a posted speed limit of 89 Kmh (55 Mph). The crash occurred during the later hours of daylight, and there were no adverse conditions present at the time of the crash. V1 a 1991 Mazda Protégé was stopped in the right lane of east bound traffic waiting to make a left turn into a gas station. V2 a 2003 Hyundai Elantra was traveling in the opposite direction (west bound) on the same roadway as V1. V1 started to make its turn and came into contact with V2's front left corner. The researcher saw both V1 and V2 being towed away from the scene with moderate damage. The driver of V1 a 65 year-old male stated that he waited for a car to pass and when he thought it was clear he started to turn. He then stated at the last second he saw the other vehicle but it was to late. He did state that the driver of V2 did not have her lights on at the time of the crash. The Critical Pre-Crash Event Coded for V1 is "this vehicle traveling turning left at intersection". The Critical Reason for the Critical Event Coded for V1 is "inadequate surveillance, looked but did not see". The driver of V2 a 21 year-old female stated that she was going to school when a car turned in front of her. She then stated that she applied full ABS application to try and avoid the crash, but could not. When asked if she had here lights on she said that she did not. The Critical Pre-Crash Event Coded for V2 is "other vehicle encroachment from opposite direction - over left lane line". V2 was not assigned a Critical Reason.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Driver Physical, Surveillance present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Driver Inexperience, Drugs present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Stopped in traffic lane
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Traveling in opposite direction
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From opposite direction - over left lane line

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Inadequate surveillance (e.g., failed to look, looked but did not see)
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
