Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two vehicle rear end crash occurred in daylight approaching the stoplight controlled intersection of an East/West seven lane two way raised median divided roadway with a crossing two lane, two way roadway. The seven-lane roadway (four lanes for eastbound traffic) is fresh concrete, straight, level, and dry at the time of the crash. The speed limit on the roadway is 72 kmph (45 mph). The crash occurred in heavy rush hour traffic. Vehicle two (V2), a 1989 Mitsubishi Galant passenger vehicle occupied by the driver only, was stopped in traffic in the second lane. It was the second vehicle in line waiting for the eastbound traffic signal to turn green. Vehicle one (V1), a 2002 Honda CR-V sport utility vehicle occupied by the driver only, was also eastbound in traffic in the second lane approaching the intersection. The front of V1 impacted the rear of V2. Both vehicles came to final rest on the roadway in the second lane. V2 was towed from the scene due to damage. V1 was towed from the scene by a private towing firm. The driver of V2 was transported to a local trauma center for treatment. The driver of V1 was reported uninjured. The driver of V1 was a 61 year-old female. Per interview on scene with the driver of V1, she was trying to dial her cell phone, and the light coming in the vehicle was too bright for her to see the display. She held the phone down by her side, preceded to dial, and when she looked up she realized that traffic in front of her had stopped. She attempted to stop, but there wasn't enough room, and she struck the rear of V2. The pre-event movement for V1 was coded "going straight." The critical pre-crash event was coded "other motor vehicle in lane-other vehicle stopped." The critical reason was coded "internal distraction." The driver of V2 was a 25 year-old male. He was stopped in the traffic lane waiting for the traffic light to turn green and his vehicle was struck in the rear. He saw V1 approaching thru the rear view mirror but was unable to attempt any evasive maneuvers. The pre-event movement was coded "stopped in traffic lane." The critical pre-crash event was coded "other motor vehicle in lane-traveling in same direction with higher speed." The critical reason was not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Cell Phone Use, Distraction, Driver Stress/Emotion, Surveillance, Traffic present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Distraction, Traffic present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Stopped in traffic lane

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Other vehicle stopped
 2 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Traveling in same direction with higher speed

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Internal distraction
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
