Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This three-vehicle crash occurred in a traffic signal-controlled, four-legged intersection. The east/west roadway is level, straight and divided by a curbed median. Approach lanes in each direction consist of three through lanes and a left turn lane. The speed limit on this roadway is 56 kmph (35 mph). It was dawn with streetlights on at the time of the crash, with no adverse atmospheric conditions. There was rush-hour congestion at the time of the crash. Vehicle one (V1), a 1997 GMC C1500 pickup, was eastbound in lane four. Vehicle two (V2), a 1991 Cadillac Deville, was westbound in lane three and vehicle three (V3), a 2005 Toyota Camry, was westbound in lane two. V1 turned left in the intersection and the right side was struck by the front of V2. The vehicles rotated and the right side of V1 struck the left side of V2. The right side of V2 was then struck by the front of V3. V1 and V2 were towed due to damage. The driver of V1, an unidentified male, left the scene. There is no information available for this driver. The driver of V2, a thirty-eight-year-old male, was traveling from his home to work. He was well rested, healthy and comfortable with his vehicle. He drives this route daily. This driver stated that he did not see V1 in time to attempt any avoidance maneuvers. The driver of V3, a fifty-year-old female, was traveling from her home to work. This driver refused to provide any information about her health or sleep. She drives this route daily. This driver stated that when she noticed V1 turning left, she applied the brakes and steered right. The pre-event movement for V1 was coded as "going straight." The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded as "this vehicle traveling; turning left at intersection." The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded as " driver related factor; type of driver error unknown." The pre-event movement for V2 was coded as "going straight." The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded as "other vehicle encroachment; from opposite direction - over left lane line." The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event for V2 was "not coded to this vehicle." The pre-event movement for V3 was coded as "going straight." The critical pre-crash event for V3 was coded as "other; not involved first harmful event." The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event for V3 was "not coded to this vehicle."
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Traffic present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Decision, Traffic present problem 
Vehicle 3:  Traffic present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Going straight
 3 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Turning left at intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From opposite direction - over left lane line
 3 ：Other- Not involved first harmful event

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Type of driver error unknown
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
 3 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
