Case Summary:
1    Case Summary The two-vehicle rear-end crash occurred on an eight-lane, divided, east/west roadway at the intersection with a seven-lane, divided, north/south roadway. There are five travel lanes for westbound traffic. The westbound lanes were level, dry, of concrete construction with a right curve. The radius of curvature was 489 meters (1604 feet). Overhead traffic control lights control traffic at the intersection. The posted speed limit is 56 kph (35 mph). Traffic was moderate at the time of the crash. This crash occurred during daylight hours with clear skies. Vehicle two (V2), a 1997 Ford F-150, with two occupants, was stopped westbound in the first travel lane. The vehicle had been stopped 1-2 seconds, waiting for the signal to turn green. Vehicle one (V1), a 1998 Ford Windstar, with one occupant, was westbound in the first travel lane approaching the intersection. V1 failed to stop behind V2 at the light and the front of V1 struck the back of V2. V1 and V2 came to rest just forward of the point of impact in the first lane. V1 was towed due to damage. V2 was driven from the scene without disabling damage. None of the occupants was transported. The driver of V1, a twenty-six year old male, refused an interview. The police report indicated that this driver was under the influence of alcohol. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: other motor vehicle in lane-other vehicle stopped. The critical reason for V1 was coded: driver related factor-type of driver error unknown. The driver of V2, a thirty-four year old female, was heading home from shopping. This driver had been driving for about five minutes, drives the route daily and is familiar with the vehicle. The driver stated she did not detect that V1 was not going to stop prior impact and did not attempt any evasive maneuvers. The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded: other motor vehicle in lane-traveling in the same direction with higher speed. The critical reason for V2 was coded: not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Alcohol present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Drugs present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Negotiating a curve
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Other vehicle stopped
 2 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Traveling in same direction with higher speed

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Type of driver error unknown
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
