Case Summary:
1    Case Summary The two vehicle crash occurred late in the afternoon in the eastbound lanes of a four-lane roadway divided by a positive barrier. This was a level, concrete roadway with a curve to the right and a posted speed of 97 kmph (60 mph). It was early afternoon on a weekday and the road was dry and the sky was clear. Traffic flow was heavy, but moving at or near the speed limit. Vehicle one (V 1), a 1984 Chevrolet Silverado driven by a 46 year-old male, was traveling eastbound in lane three. Vehicle two (V 2), a 2004 Toyota Camry driven by a 46 year-old male , was traveling eastbound in lane four. A car in front of V 1 began to slow down for traffic ahead. In order to avoid a collision, V 1 swerved left while locking the brakes. V 1 skidded across lane four. The front of V 1 struck the concrete traffic barrier separating the east and westbound lanes. After striking the traffic barrier, V 1 was struck on the left side by the front of V 2. The vehicles came to final rest touching each other in lane four. The driver of V 1 stated that he had just come from work, and was heading home he was traveling at about 80-97 kmph (50-60 mph) when he made the evasive action to avoid rear-ending a vehicle that had slowed suddenly in front of him. He successfully avoided the non-contact vehicle, but was unable to control the vehicle. The Pre-crash event for V1 was coded: this vehicle loss of control due to; traveling too fast for conditions. The Critical Reason for the Critical Event was coded as a driver related decision error - "too fast to be able to respond to unexpected actions of others". One associated factor for this driver was failure to look far enough ahead. The driver was not aware of the traffic conditions ahead. This driver made a poor choice of evasive actions and overcompensated exhibiting poor directional control of his vehicle. An associated factor coded to both drivers was the traffic flow interruption in the form of the congestion. The Critical Pre-crash Event for V 2 was coded: Other, this vehicle not involved in first harmful event. The critical Reason was not coded to V2.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision, Driver Performance, Speed/Distance, Surveillance, Traffic present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Decision, Speed/Distance, Traffic present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Negotiating a curve
 2 ：Negotiating a curve

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Veh. Control Loss Due To:- Traveling too fast for conditions
 2 ：Other- Not involved first harmful event

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Too fast to be able to respond to unexpected actions of others (specify) :
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
