Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This crash occurred on a Saturday mid-afternoon involving two passenger cars at an intersection with traffic lights. The speed limits for the roadways are 48 kmph (30 mph). The road from east to west is a two-way, 3-lane undivided roadway. The road from north to south is a two-way, 7-lane divided roadway with four southbound travel lanes. The southbound lanes are an "S" curve, and are curved to the left as they approach the intersection with the east-west road. The road surfaces were dry and there were no detrimental atmospheric conditions at the time of the crash. Vehicle one (V1), a 1996 Jeep Cherokee was traveling south in the first lane, negotiating the left road curvature as the vehicle approached the intersection. Vehicle two (V2), a 2004 Chrysler Sebring, was traveling west in the second lane. As both vehicles entered the intersection the front of V1 impacted the left side of V2. Both vehicles rotated in a southeast direction and the left side of V2 side-slapped with the right side of V1. V2 then continued to rotate clockwise and came to final rest in the southbound #1 lane. After the side-slap V1 continued in a southeast direction, crossed the center median of the roadway and came to rest in the center northbound left-turn lane, facing south. The front airbags of both vehicles deployed during the crash event. The driver of V2 was transported to a medical facility for injuries and released. Both vehicles were towed from the scene. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: this vehicle traveling, crossing over (passing through) intersection. The critical reason for the critical event was coded to the driver of V1 as a driver related factor: inadequate surveillance (e.g. failed to look, looked but did not see). It was concluded that this vehicle ran the red light at the intersection. The driver claimed she had a green light at the time of the crash, and so did the driver of V2. The driver of V2 described he followed a vehicle in front of him who passed through the intersection. The driver of V2 indicated there were several cars stopped at the intersection in V1's direction of travel. He did see V1, but assumed that the vehicle would stop at the red light. This was a false assumption that the other road user would yield the right of way by V2's driver. The police report indicated there was a witness to the collision and listed a contributing factor for the collision as the driver of V1's disregard for the stop and go signal. The driver of V1 did not report any interior or exterior factors. She was on her way home from work, was well rested, was not lost in thoughts and claimed a clear line of sight with V2. This driver failed to recognize other vehicles in its direction of travel stopped for the red light. She made the false assumption that she had a green light and that the driver of V2 would yield to her vehicle. The driver of V2 was a tourist and it was his first time driving this road. He stated he was driving slow and looking for a place, a local tourist location as he was driving. He was also driving a rental car, and it was the first time he had driven it. In addition to the 46-year-old male driver, there was a 40-year-old female right front passenger in V2. The driver claimed not to be conversing or otherwise distracted by the occupant. The critical pre crash event for V2 was coded: other vehicle encroachment, from crossing street - across path. No critical reason for the critical event was coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision, Drugs, Surveillance present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Decision, Distraction, Driver Inexperience present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Negotiating a curve
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Crossing over (passing through) intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From crossing street, across path

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Inadequate surveillance (e.g., failed to look, looked but did not see)
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
