Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This single-vehicle crash occurred on a level, straight, undivided roadway. There is one lane in each direction. The speed limit on this roadway is 48 kmph (30 mph). This crash occurred during daylight hours with no adverse atmospheric conditions. Vehicle one (V1), a 1995 Nissan Pathfinder, was traveling northbound in lane one. V1 traveled off the right side of the roadway and the front struck a guardrail. V1 then rotated clockwise and the front struck a tree outside the guardrail. V1 was towed due to damage. The driver of V1, a seventeen-year-old female, drives on this roadway daily. She was listening to the radio and stated that she was traveling 16-32 kmph (10-20 mph) over the speed limit, which is normal for her. A non-contact vehicle in the adjacent #2 lane encroached into her travel lane and she steered to the right to avoid it. She then departed the right side of the road and impacted the guardrail. She was healthy and well rested at the time of the crash and was familiar with her vehicle. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: this vehicle traveling; off the edge of the road on the right side. The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded as a driver related factor: inadequate evasive action. Poor directional control (e.g. failing to control vehicle with skill ordinarily expected) and overcompensation were considered associative factors. This driver's lack of experience was also an associated factor in this crash.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Aggressive Behavior, Decision, Distraction, Driver Inexperience, Driver Performance, Speed/Distance present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Off the edge of the road on the right side

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Inadequate evasive action, e.g. braking only, not braking and steering
