Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This three-vehicle crash occurred during daylight hours on a dry, divided, five-lane, straight, level roadway. The speed limit on the roadway is 64 kmph (40 mph) and there were no adverse weather conditions. Vehicle one (V1), a 1997 Ford F-250 pickup truck was westbound in lane one of three lanes. Vehicle two (V2), a 1998 Toyota Sienna was westbound in lane one in front of V1. Vehicle three (V3), a 2002 Ford Focus was westbound in lane one in front of V2. V3 stopped when the vehicle in front of him slowed to make a turn. V2 stopped to avoid a collision with V3. The front of V1 impacted the rear of V2. The front of V2 then impacted the rear of V3. V1 and V3 were not towed. V2 was towed due to damage. The driver of V1, a thirty-two-year-old male was driving from his home to work after a two-week vacation. This driver was thinking about his vacation that just ended as he was driving. This driver drives this vehicle daily and over this road on a weekly basis. The driver of V2, a sixty-five-year-old female was driving from her home to her fitness center. This driver had been driving for about ten minutes at the time of the crash. This driver is drives this vehicle daily and over this road on a daily basis. The driver of V3, a twenty-nine-year-old female, was traveling from her home to work. This driver had been driving for about two minutes at the time of the crash. This driver drives this vehicle daily and over this road on a daily basis. The critical pre-crash for V1 was coded: other vehicle in lane, other vehicle stopped. The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event was attributed to V1 and was coded as a driver related factor: too fast to be able to respond to unexpected actions of others (specified as: did not expect forward vehicle to stop). The driver made no avoidance actions to the collision. The driver did not have any internal or external distractions while driving. Inattention and inadequate surveillance were associative factors for this driver. This driver was well rested and on his daily commute from home to work. The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded: other motor vehicle in lane, traveling in same direction with higher speed. The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event for V2 was not coded to this vehicle. V3 was not involved in the first harmful event. The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event was not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision, Distraction, Speed/Distance, Surveillance present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Drugs present problem 
Vehicle 3:  Distraction, Drugs present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Decelerating in traffic lane
 3 ：Decelerating in traffic lane

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Other vehicle stopped
 2 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Traveling in same direction with higher speed
 3 ：Other- Not involved first harmful event

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Too fast to be able to respond to unexpected actions of others (specify) :
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
 3 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
