Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two-vehicle crash occurred shortly after noon on a clear day. The crash occurred at a four-leg intersection with all legs controlled with traffic signals on color. The north to south roadway is a six lane divided roadway without a positive barrier. It is dry, bituminous, straight and has a down hill slope. The east to west roadway is straight, level and is a three lane divided roadway without a positive barrier. The speed limit on both roadways is 72 kmph (45 mph). Vehicle one (V1), a 1985 Ford Tempo driven by a 71 year-old male with one passenger, was southbound in lane two. Vehicle two (V2), a 1999 Ford Explorer SUV driven by a 24 year old male and one passenger, was westbound in lane one. V1 failed to stop for the traffic signal and entered the intersection and was struck on the left side by V2's front. Post impact V1 rotated counter clockwise and came to final rest in lane one of the southbound lanes facing northeast. V2 stopped at impact then the driver drove the vehicle out of the roadway. Both vehicles were towed due to disabling damage. The driver and passenger of V1 were transported to a local medical facility. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: this vehicle traveling, crossing over (passing through) intersection. The critical reason for the critical event was coded to V1 as a driver related factor: illegal maneuver, for failure to stop for traffic control signal. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: other vehicle encroachment; from crossing street, across path. The critical reason was not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision, Drugs present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Crossing over (passing through) intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From crossing street, across path

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Illegal maneuver
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
