Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two-vehicle crash occurred on a divided, level roadway near an intersection. The westbound lanes are curved to the right (radius of curvature is 188 meters and the superelevation is 2%) and consist of two through lanes. The speed limit on this roadway is 80 kmph (50 mph). There was rush hour congestion on the roadway at the time of the crash. This crash occurred during daylight hours with no adverse atmospheric conditions. Vehicle one (V1), a 1992 Lincoln Town Car, was westbound in lane two. Vehicle two (V2), a 1986 Ford F150 pickup, was westbound in front of V1. V2 stopped to turn left at the intersection. The front of V1 struck the back of V2. V1 was towed due to damage. The driver of V1, a twenty-five-year-old male, was traveling, with a twenty-year-old female, from his home to a shopping bazaar. This driver was well rested, healthy and familiar with his vehicle. He drives this route daily. This driver stated that he was listening to the radio, but denied any other type of distraction. The driver of V2, a forty-nine-year-old female, was traveling from a bingo hall to her home and was stopping at a gas station on her way. She was healthy, well rested and comfortable with her vehicle. She travels on this roadway monthly. This driver takes the medication Sonata. The pre-event movement for V1 was coded as "negotiating a curve." The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded as "other motor vehicle in lane; other vehicle stopped." The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded as "driver related factor; inadequate surveillance (e.g. failed to look, looked but did not see)." The pre-event movement for V2 was coded as "negotiating a curve." The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded as "other motor vehicle in lane; traveling in same direction with higher speed." The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event for V2 was "not coded to this vehicle."
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision, Surveillance, Traffic present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Drugs, Traffic present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Negotiating a curve
 2 ：Negotiating a curve

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Other vehicle stopped
 2 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Traveling in same direction with higher speed

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Inadequate surveillance (e.g., failed to look, looked but did not see)
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
