Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two-vehicle crash occurred on an southbound, eight lane, divided, straight, level roadway at the intersection of a three lane, one-way, straight roadway with a 6.6% downhill grade. The southbound lanes consist of three through lanes and a right turn lane. Traffic at the intersection is controlled by traffic control signals. The speed limit on the roadways is 48 kmph (30 mph). This crash occurred during daylight hours with light traffic. There were no adverse weather conditions at the time of the crash. Vehicle one (V1), a 1998 Chevrolet Silverado pulling a flat bed gooseneck trailer, was southbound in lane two. Vehicle two (V2), a 2005 Dodge Durango, was westbound in lane three. V1 entered the intersection on a red light and the front of V2 struck the left side of V1. V2 rotated 180 degrees counter clockwise and came to rest facing east in the intersection. V1 came to a controlled stop in southbound lane three. V1 did not sustain disabling damage. V2 was towed due to damage. Neither occupant was transported. The driver of V1, a forty-four year-old male, was traveling from picking up a trailer to home. He was well rested, in good health and comfortable with his vehicle. He drives this route rarely. This driver stated that he was unsure of the color of the traffic light when he entered the intersection. He noticed V2 just before he entered the intersection. He applied the brakes in an attempt to avoid the crash. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded as "this vehicle traveling; crossing over (passing through) intersection." The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded as "driver related factor; inadequate surveillance." The driver of V2, a twenty-one year-old male, was traveling from home to work. He was well rested, in good health and comfortable with his vehicle. He drives this route daily. The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded as "other vehicle encroachment; from crossing street, across path." The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event for V2 was "not coded to this vehicle."
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision, Driver Inexperience, Drugs, Surveillance present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Surveillance present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Crossing over (passing through) intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From crossing street, across path

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Inadequate surveillance (e.g., failed to look, looked but did not see)
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
