Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This crash occurred at an intersection consisting of undivided two-way traffic roadways. The posted speed limit for each roadway was 48KMPH (30MPH) with Vehicle 2's roadway lowered from 72KMPH (45MPH) due to a school zone. The weather was clear and the roadways were dry. Vehicle #1, a 2000 Subaru Legacy, was traveling in a northerly direction when it stopped at a stop sign and continued on. Vehicle #2, a 2001 BMW Z3, was traveling in a westerly direction through the intersection. Vehicle #1 impacted the left center of Vehicle #2 with its front right, sending Vehicle #2 in a counter-clock wise spin. Vehicle #2 came to rest on the south shoulder, of its original roadway, facing an southeasterly direction. Vehicle #1 came to rest on the roadway facing a northwesterly direction. Both vehicles were towed due to damage. The Subaru Legacy (Vehicle #1) was driven by a belted 48 year old female who was transported to an area hospital, treated and released. This driver was unavailable for an interview after repeated attempts. This driver lists a local and an out of state address on her license. There was no airbag deployment in this vehicle. The Critical Precrash Event coded to Vehicle #1 was: this vehicle traveling crossing over (passing through) intersection. The Critical Reason for the Critical Precrash Event was coded as driver related factor, recognition error, inadequate surveillance (e.g. failed to look, looked but did not see) The BMW (Vehicle #2 was driven by a belted 69 year old female who was injured but refused medical attention. This driver stated that she had seen Vehicle #1 stop or at least slow down and look, at the stop sign and then proceed. She stated she tried to avoid impact by steering right but was unable to avoid it. Vehicle #2 had the right of way and did not have a stop sign. There was no side airbag deployment in this vehicle. The Critical Precrash Event coded to Vehicle #2 was: other motor vehicle encroachment from crossing street across path. The Critical Reason for the Critical Precrash Event was not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Drugs, Roadway, Surveillance present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Decision present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Stopped in traffic lane
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Crossing over (passing through) intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From crossing street, across path

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Inadequate surveillance (e.g., failed to look, looked but did not see)
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
