Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This single vehicle crash occurred during daylight hours on a divided, four-lane, dry, straight, level roadway that consists of two lanes in each direction separated by a wide grass median. Off the right side of the roadway is a 3.3 meter paved shoulder, a grass shoulder, a grass downhill embankment, a rocky ditch and a grass uphill embankment. The posted speed limit on this roadway is 113 kmph (70 mph). There were no adverse atmospheric conditions present at the time of the crash. Vehicle one, a 2000 Mercury Mystique, was northbound in lane two, reportedly traveling at 121 kmph (75 mph). As the vehicle attempted to change lanes to the right, it began to rotate clockwise, traveling off the right side of the road. Vehicle two, a 1997 Ford F150 pickup, was parked (disabled and unoccupied) on the grass shoulder. The back left side of vehicle one struck the back of vehicle two. Vehicle two rotated counterclockwise and came to rest facing southwest on the shoulder. Vehicle one rotated counterclockwise, rolled to the right two quarter-turns and came to rest on its top facing southeast. The driver of vehicle one, a thirty-one-year-old female, was traveling with her children, a seventeen-year-old male in the front passenger seat, a three-year-old male in the left back seat and an eight-year-old female in the right back seat. None of the occupants were restrained and the back seat passengers were killed in the crash. The driver of vehicle refused an interview. The mother of this driver and a witness provided only minimal information about this driver. The pre-event movement for vehicle one was coded as "going straight." The critical pre-crash event for vehicle one was coded as "this vehicle control loss due to: traveling too fast for conditions." The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event for vehicle one was coded as "driver related factor, poor directional control. "
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Driver Performance, Speed/Distance present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Veh. Control Loss Due To:- Traveling too fast for conditions

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Poor directional control (e.g., failing to control vehicle with skill ordinarily expected)
