Case Summary:
1    Case Summary The crash occurred at the intersection of an east/west four-lane arterial and a north/south two-lane residential side street. The arterial had two lanes in each direction with left turn lanes and was divided by a grass median. Recent traffic counts indicate the four lanes carry 26,043 vehicles per day at the crash site. The side street intersected from the north and had a left and right turn lane at the intersection. The posted speed was 72kph (45mph) and the intersection was controlled by traffic signals. Conditions were daylight and dry on a weekend morning. Vehicle #1 was a 2004 Buick Century traveling westbound in the left lane of the arterial road. Vehicle #2, a 1993 Mercury Grand Marquis was stopped southbound on the side street at the intersection. The traffic signal changed and Vehicle #2 attempted to turn left to travel east on the arterial. The Buick (V1) failed to stop at the traffic signal and struck the left side of the Mercury (V2) with its front. A secondary impact then occurred with the right side of Vehicle #1 and the left back of Vehicle #2 colliding. The Buick (V1) rotated counterclockwise and came to rest facing east in the middle of the intersection. After impact the Mercury (V2) departed the southwest corner of the intersection and went down a steep embankment coming to rest facing south. Both vehicles were towed due to damage. Vehicle #1 was driven by an 18-year old female that was belted with deployed frontal airbags. She was not injured in the crash. She stated that as she approached the intersection the light was green and then she looked away momentarily and didn't see the signal change. Electronic data recorder (EDR) data extracted from the vehicle indicate her speed ranged from 89kph (55mph) four seconds prior to algorithm enable to 74kph (46mph) one second prior to crasjh. The brakes were activated at three seconds before crash. Maximum longitudinal velocity change was 34kph (21mph). Witness told police that the driver had remained stopped at a green light several seconds at a preceding intersection approximately 600 meters east of the crash site, before accelerating rapidly. Police charged the driver with disregarding a red light. The Critical Precrash Event for Vehicle #1 was "other vehicle encroachment from crossing street, turning into opposite direction". The Critical Reason for the Critical Event was "not coded to this vehicle". Although the driver said she looked away as she approached the intersection inattention was coded rather than external distraction since she could not specify exactly what she looked away at and she did not focus on any particular external object. Associated factors included fatigue; the driver said she only got about two hours sleep the night before because of illness, employment, family, and relationship concerns. Inattentive, thought focus unknown, was also included. Work related stress was cited as well as illegal maneuver (failed to stop for traffic control device). Inexperienced driver and vehicle unfamiliarity were also associated. The driver was taking an antibiotic and over the counter decongestants and antihistamines. Vehicle #2 was operated by a 23-year old male that was belted. He was transported to an area hospital with minor injuries. A 47-year old male was belted in the right front seat and was not injured. Although the driver did not speak English, he indicated he stopped at the intersection and proceeded to turn left after the signal changed. The Critical Precrash Event for Vehicle #2 was "This vehicle traveling, turning left at intersection". The Critical Reason for the Critical Event was "inadequate surveillance". There were no known associated factors.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision, Distraction, Driver Fatigue, Driver Inexperience, Driver Stress/Emotion, Drugs present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Drugs, Surveillance present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Stopped in traffic lane

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From crossing street, turning into opposite direction
 2 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Turning left at intersection

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
 2 ：Driver Related Factor- Inadequate surveillance (e.g., failed to look, looked but did not see)
