Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This crash occurred mid-afternoon involving two passenger cars at an intersection with traffic lights. The speed limit for the roadways is 54 kmph (35 mph) for the southbound lanes and 48 kmph (30 mph) for the eastbound lanes. The road is a 4-lane divided concrete roadway from north to south. It was a two lane (two-way traffic) asphalt roadway from west to east. The road surface was dry and there were no detrimental atmospheric conditions at the time of the crash. Vehicle one (V1), a 2002 Ford Focus driven by a 21 year-old male, was traveling south in the second lane of traffic approaching the intersection of both roadways. Vehicle two (V2), a 1997 Nissan Sonata driven by a 36 year-old female with one passenger, was traveling east in the first lane attempting to make a left turn at the intersection. The front of V1 impacted the left side of V 2. V1 rotated counter clockwise and came to rest within the intersection, facing southeast. V 2 rotated counter clockwise after the impact, and moved north. It came to rest within the intersection facing southwest. The driver of V 2 was transported to a local medical facility from the scene. Both vehicles were towed due to damage from the scene. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: this vehicle traveling, crossing over (passing through) intersection. The critical reason for the critical event was coded to V1 as a driver related factor: illegal maneuver. This vehicle ran a red light. The driver said his light was yellow. He did not slow down and stop for the red light but decided to proceed through the intersection. The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded: other vehicle encroachment; from crossing street, across path. No critical reason was coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Crossing over (passing through) intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From crossing street, across path

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Illegal maneuver
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
