Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two-vehicle crash occurred at the intersection of two seven-lane roadways. All roads are divided with a non-positive median. The crash occurred during daylight morning hours. The weather was clear and the roads dry. For eastbound traffic there was a slope of -5% and for west bound traffic there was a slope of 5%. Vehicle one (V1), a 1998 Chevrolet Blazer was turning left from the fourth eastbound left turn only lane at the intersection. Vehicle two (V2) was traveling west in the third lane going straight through the intersection. The front of V2 impacted the front of V1 within the intersection. V2 rotated clockwise and V1 counter clockwise before coming to final rest within the intersection. Both vehicles were towed from the scene and both drivers were taken to the Emergency Room of a local hospital. Both drivers were well rested and familiar with the roadway. Both drivers had been on this part of their trips for less than 10 minutes. The rear tires on V1 had a low tread depth of 2 mm ( 0.07 "). The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: this vehicle traveling, turning left at an intersection. The critical reason for the critical event was coded to V1 as a driver related factor: inadequate surveillance (e.g., failed to look, looked but did not see). The driver of V1 was not aware of V2's presence until it was too late to avoid the collision. The critical pre crash event for V2 was coded: other vehicle encroachment; from opposite direction, over left lane line. The critical reason was not coded to this vehicle. The driver of V2 assumed that V1 would yield them the right of way.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Surveillance, Vehicle present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Decision present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Starting in traffic lane
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Turning left at intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From opposite direction - over left lane line

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Inadequate surveillance (e.g., failed to look, looked but did not see)
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
