Case Summary:
1    Case Summary The crash occurred in a T-intersection of a five-lane two-way roadway and a three-lane two-way roadway. The five-lane roadway had two lanes eastbound and two lanes westbound with a center two-way left turn lane. The three-lane roadway had two lanes northbound and one lane southbound. The northbound lanes ended at the intersection and were curved to the left. Northbound traffic was controlled by a stop sign. East and westbound traffic had no traffic control device. The posted speed limit on the east/west roadway was 64 kmph (40 mph). The crash occurred in the early hours of the afternoon on a sunny day. All roadways were dry. V1, a 1996 Chevrolet Lumina, was traveling northbound attempting to turn left into the westbound lanes of traffic. V2, a 1984 Yamaha motorcycle, was traveling in the second eastbound lane, approaching the intersection. A witness who was traveling next to V2 in the first lane of travel reported that V1 rolled through the stop sign and pulled out into the path of V2 and herself. Although the witness was able to stop in time, the driver of the motorcycle was not. The driver of V1 told police that he was trying to make a light located at a nearby interstate, and never saw V2 approaching. V1 pulled out from the intersection and was struck in the left side by the front of V2. V1 was driven by a 30-year old male. He was transported to a local medical facility for treatment and was subsequently released. The driver of V2, a 52-year old male, was transported and admitted to a local hospital due to major injuries. Both vehicles were towed due to damage. The Critical Pre-crash Event for the driver of V1 was when he began to turn left at the intersection. The Critical Reason for the Critical Pre-crash Event was coded as inadequate surveillance. The driver of V1 reported that although he looked, he did not see V2 approaching from his left. Inattention was coded as an associated factor, because the brother of this driver reported that the driver had recently been arguing with his wife. An illegal maneuver was also coded as an associated factor because as per the witness, the driver of V1 failed to stop for the stop sign before pulling out. The Critical Pre-crash Event for the driver of V2 was when another vehicle encroached into his lane from a crossing street, turning into the opposite direction. The Critical Reason was not coded to the driver of V2 and he was not thought to have contributed to the crash. No interview was obtained from the driver of V2.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision, Distraction, Surveillance present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Decelerating in traffic lane
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Turning left at intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From crossing street, turning into opposite direction

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Inadequate surveillance (e.g., failed to look, looked but did not see)
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
