Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This is a two-vehicle intersection crash that occurred mid-afternoon during daylight hours on two way,six lane dry asphalt roadway. The intersection is controlled by a traffic light that was in proper working order at the time of the crash. There were no environmental factors that contributed to this crash. There was heavy traffic at the time of the crash. The posted speed limit 72 kmph (45 mph). Vehicle one (V1) was a 1991 Plymouth Voyager driven by a 45 year-old male. V1 was traveling westbound in the number two lane approaching the intersection. The vehicle began to decelerate as it approached the intersection but did not stop. V1 entered the intersection and impacted with the left side of vehicle two (V2), a 2000 Mercury Sable. V2 was driven by a 64 year-old male who was making a left turn at the time of the crash. V2 continued to travel westbound through the intersection until it made a right turn into a gas station. The driver of V2 stopped in the gas station then fled the scene. The driver of V 1 was located at his home by police and he stated he had previous DUI arrests and that's why he left the scene, no odor of alcohol was detected by police. V2 was towed due to damage. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: this vehicle traveling; crossing over (passing through) intersection. The critical reason was coded to V1 as a driver related factor: illegal maneuver. The driver proceeded into the intersection on a red light while other traffic was stopped. The critical pre crash event for V2 was coded: this vehicle traveling, turning left at intersection. The critical reason was not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Aggressive Behavior, Decision, Surveillance, Traffic present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Surveillance, Traffic present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Decelerating in traffic lane
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Crossing over (passing through) intersection
 2 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Turning left at intersection

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Illegal maneuver
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
