Case Summary:
1    Case Summary It was dark with streetlights on at the time of this three-vehicle crash with no adverse atmospheric conditions. The trafficway is level, divided by a grass median and consists of three lanes in each direction. The speed limit for this roadway is 97 kmph (60 mph). Vehicle one (V1), a 1990 Geo Prizm, was northbound in lane one. Vehicle two (V2), a 1991 Ford Crown Victoria, was parked northbound on the right (paved) shoulder. Vehicle three (V3), a 2003 Mercury Sable, was northbound in lane three. V1 traveled off the right side of the roadway and the front struck the back of V2. V2 entered the roadway, rotating counterclockwise, and the front struck the front of V3. V1 and V2 were towed due to damage. The driver of V1, a forty-nine-year-old male, was not interviewed. His medical report indicates a BAC result of 0.159. No further information is available for this driver. V2, occupied by a nineteen-year-old male and a nineteen-year-old female, was disabled on the shoulder. The driver of V3, a seventy-five-year-old male, was on his way from his home in another state to his son's home. He was well rested, healthy and familiar with his vehicle. He travels this route monthly. This driver stated that he saw the crash between V1 and V2 and steered to the left in an attempt to avoid the crash. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded as "this vehicle traveling; off the edge of the road on the right side." The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded as "driver related factor; type of driver error unknown." The critical pre-crash event for V3 was coded as "not involved first harmful event." The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event for V3 was "not coded to this vehicle."
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Alcohol, Driver Performance present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Negotiating a curve
 3 ：Negotiating a curve

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Off the edge of the road on the right side
 3 ：Other- Not involved first harmful event

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Type of driver error unknown
 3 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
