Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This four-vehicle crash occurred just before noon on a dry, right curve, physically divided, four-lane asphalt roadway. The roadway runs north and south at the location of the crash and has two through lanes running in each direction. There were on traffic controls at this location of the crash. The posted speed limit is 64 kmph (40 mph) and there were no adverse weather conditions at the time. Vehicle one (V1), a 1994 Isuzu Trooper SUV driven by a 45 year-old male, was traveling south in lane one. Vehicle two (V2), a 1987 Chevrolet Nova sedan driven by a 49 year-old male, was stopped heading south in lane one. Vehicle three (V3), a 1994 Dodge Caravan passenger van driven by a 52 year-old female, was stopped in front of V2 in lane one. Vehicle four (V4), a 1996 Land Rover Discovery, was stopped in front of V3 for a van that had run out of gas and was stopped in lane one. A non-contact vehicle was behind V2 and changed lanes to the left. V1 was behind the non-contact vehicle and the driver didn't see the vehicles stopped. The driver of V1 tried to change lanes to the left but the front struck the back of V2. V2 was pushed forward and the front struck the back of V3. V3 was pushed forward and ithe front struck the back of V4. After the impact, V1 drove into lane two and past V2, V3, V4 and the van. It then traveled back into lane one and came to rest on its wheels facing south. V2 came to rest on its wheels facing southwest in lane one. V3 came to rest on its wheels facing south in lane one. V4 came to rest on its wheels facing south in lane one behind the Van that ran out of gas. V1,V2,V3 were towed from the scene due to damage. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: other motor vehicle in lane, other vehicle stopped. Critical reason for the critical event coded driver related factor: too fast to respond to unexpected actions of others (specified as: A non-contact vehicle blocked this driver's view that forward traffic was stopped in the traffic lane). The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded: other motor vehicle in lane, traveling in same direction with higher speed. The critical reason was not coded to this vehicle. V3 and V4 were not involved in first harmful event and the critical reason was not coded to these vehicles.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision, Speed/Distance, Surveillance, Traffic present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Traffic present problem 
Vehicle 3:  Drugs, Traffic present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Negotiating a curve
 2 ：Negotiating a curve
 3 ：Negotiating a curve

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Other vehicle stopped
 2 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Traveling in same direction with higher speed
 3 ：Other- Not involved first harmful event

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Too fast to be able to respond to unexpected actions of others (specify) :
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
 3 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
