Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This three-vehicle crash occurred a couple hours before mid-night on a dry, dark, unlighted, asphalt four-lane roadway. The highway runs east/west at this point with two lanes running east and two lanes running west that are separated by a depressed grassy median. The crash occurred just after an on-ramp from the right to the highway; therefore, there were three lanes that had narrowed into two lanes at the point of the crash. There is a yield sign posted on the on-ramp. There is a merge sign posted on the south side of the highway just before the on-ramp for eastbound traffic. The speed limit is 89 kph (55 mph). There were no adverse atmospheric conditions. Vehicle one (V1) an unknown vehicle, merged onto the highway and was traveling in lane one. Vehicle two (V2) a 2000 Plymouth Neon sedan driven by a 17 year-old female was eastbound in second lane. Vehicle three (V3) a 1996 Oldsmobile Bravada SUV driven by a 28 year-old female also merged onto the highway and began traveling east in the second lane behind V2. V2 went to change lane from lane two to lane one when it's right side contacted V1. After the first impact V2 rotated clockwise across lane two. During the rotation, it was contacted on its right side by the front of V1 in lane two. This caused V2 to rotate counterclockwise into the center median on the north side of the highway. V2 came to final rest facing northwest in the center median on the north side of the highway. V3, after impact, rotated clockwise and continued across the eastbound lanes of traffic and off the right side of the road. V3 came to final rest facing east in the depressed grassy median on the south side of the highway. V1 fled the scene of the crash in an unknown direction. V2 and V3 were towed from the scene. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: other vehicle encroachment from adjacent lane same direction over left lane line. The critical reason was not coded to this vehicle. The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded: this vehicle traveling, over the lane line on right side of travel lane. The critical reason for the critical event was coded to V2 as a driver related factor: type of driver error unknown. There was no interview with this driver, and the type of driver error could not be determined. V3 was not involved in the first harmful event. The critical reason was not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 3:  Driver Physical, Driver Stress/Emotion present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Merging
 2 ：Negotiating a curve
 3 ：Negotiating a curve

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From adjacent lane (same direction) - over left lane line
 2 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Over the lane line on right side of travel lane
 3 ：Other- Not involved first harmful event

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
 2 ：Driver Related Factor- Type of driver error unknown
 3 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
