Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two-vehicle rear end type crash occurred around noon during daylight hours on a two-lane, undivided, dry, level, bituminous roadway. This roadway travels east to west and supports two-way traffic. The posted speed limit for this roadway was 80 kmph (50 mph). This roadway intersects with a single lane private driveway that runs north to south. There were no adverse atmospheric conditions present at the time of the crash. Vehicle one (V1), a 1991 Cadillac Deville with one occupant, was traveling eastbound in lane one. Vehicle two (V2), a 1992 Honda Civic with two occupants was traveling eastbound in lane one. V2 stopped waiting for oncoming traffic to clear to make a left turn into a private driveway. While V2 was stopped, the front of V1 contacted the rear of V2. Post impact, V2 traveled forward and stopped in lane one facing east. V1 stopped at impact. The driver of V1 was not injured; the two occupants in V2 were transported to a local trauma center. Both vehicles were towed from the scene. The driver of V1, an 81 year-old male advised that he was traveling eastbound in lane one and did not realize that vehicle two was stopped in front of him. He stated that he was looking to his right outside of the vehicle at the vehicles stopped to exit the cemetery. The driver was also hearing impaired and was wearing his hearing aid at the time of the crash. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: other motor vehicle in lane, other vehicle stopped. The critical reason for the critical event was coded to V1 as a driver related factor: external distraction. The driver of V2 advised that he was stopped attempting to make a left turn into the private driveway when vehicle one hit him from the rear. He also stated that he and his wife had just pulled out of the cemetery after attending the funeral of a family member. The driver of V2 stated that he was upset due to a family matter (the death of a relative) at the time of the crash. The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded: other motor vehicle in lane; traveling in same direction at higher speed. The critical reason was not coded to V2.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Distraction, Driver Physical, Surveillance present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Distraction, Driver Inexperience, Driver Stress/Emotion present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Decelerating in traffic lane

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Other vehicle stopped
 2 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Traveling in same direction with higher speed

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- External distraction
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
