Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This crash occurred on a, level, two-lane, slush-covered, asphalt, non-divided roadway, with a posted speed limit of 88 kmph (55 mph). It was early afternoon on a weekday, it had been snowing previous to the accident, but the weather had warmed up and caused the snow to melt, covering the roadway in slush. Vehicle #1 a Red 2000 Ford Ranger was west bound in the right lane when it was pulled to the right by slush which covered the lane. The driver released the accelerator and tried to steer to the left, this caused the vehicle to begin a counter-clockwise rotation, departing the roadway to the left. The vehicle then contacted a ditch causing damage to the right side, traveled up the ditch and came to rest facing the roadway. Vehicle #1 operated by an, uninjured, restrained, 21-year-old male driver, was towed due to damage. The driver stated that he had driven this roadway in this vehicle every day. The pre-event movement for this vehicle is traveling straight, the critical pre-crash event is poor road conditions, then because the roadway was slushy for 100 m previous to the loss of control, the critical reason is traveling to fast for road conditions. The associated factors for this reason are driver fatigue as well as being unaware caution was necessary. The driver stated that he worked 3rd shift and that after work he went home and took a four-hour nap, then went to visit his grandmother for 4 hours. He stated that he was returning home to sleep. He also stated that he had driven this roadway everyday and didn't expect the roads to be in the condition they were.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Roadway, Speed/Distance present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Veh. Control Loss Due To:- Poor road conditions (puddle,pot hole,ice,etc.) (specify) :

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Too fast for conditions (specify) :
