Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This three vehicle crash occurred just past dawn. The roadway was a divided, bituminous, level freeway with a Jersey Barrier center divider and three lanes in each direction. The weather was clear, dry and it was dark. The northbound lanes was heavy rush hour stop and go traffic. The posted speed limit is 97 kph (60 MPH). All three vehicle were traveling northbound in the center lane. Vehicle one,(V1) a 2002 Kia Sephia four door sedan driven by a 36 year-old female, was traveling north in the number two lane following vehicle two (V2). V2 was a 1990 Mercedes-Benz 300-E sedan driven by a 37 year-old male. V2 stopped suddenly for traffic ahead. V1 locked the vehicles brakes but was unable to avoid striking the rear of V2. V1 stopped on impact in lane two. V1 was then struck in the rear by vehicle three (V3), a 1996 Toyota Tacoma pick-up driven by a 57 year-old male. who was traveling northbound in the center lane following V1. The driver of V3's attention was directed to his right to check to see if traffic was clear for him to change lanes to his right. V1 had already struck V2 and was stopped when the driver looked back. The driver of V3 locked his brakes, but was unable to stop in time and struck the rear of V1. All three vehicles after impact were moved to the right shoulder. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: other motor vehicle in lane, traveling in same direction while decelerating. The critical reason for the critical event was coded to V1 as a driver related factor: following too closely to respond to unexpected actions. The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded: other motor vehicle in lane, traveling in same direction with higher speed. The critical reason was not coded to this vehicle. V3 was not involved in first harmful event. The critical reason was not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision, Speed/Distance, Traffic present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Traffic present problem 
Vehicle 3:  Decision, Speed/Distance, Traffic present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Decelerating in traffic lane
 3 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Traveling in same direction while decelerating
 2 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Traveling in same direction with higher speed
 3 ：Other- Not involved first harmful event

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Following too closely to respond to unexpected actions
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
 3 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
