Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This three-vehicle crash occurred on a four-lane, undivided, east/west roadway at the intersection with a four-lane, undivided, north/south roadway. Both roadways were straight, dry and of concrete construction. The westbound and northbound travel lanes have a negative grade. Overhead traffic control lights control traffic at the intersection. The posted speed limit is 48 kmph (30 mph). Traffic was light at the time of the crash. It was dark with streetlights on at the time of the crash. Vehicle one (V1), a 1995 Hyundai Accent, was westbound in the second travel lane. Vehicle two (V2), a 1996 Honda Civic, was eastbound in the first travel lane. Vehicle three (V3), a 2006 Ford Fusion, was stopped in the first travel lane facing north. V1 attempted a left turn and the front struck the front of V2. V1 rotated counterclockwise and came to rest in the intersection facing southeast. V2 rotated clockwise and the front of V2 struck the left side of V3. V2 came to rest facing southeast in the intersection. V3 stayed at rest at the point of impact. Both V1 and V2 were towed due to damage. The driver of V1 was not identified and could not be interviewed. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: this vehicle traveling, turning left at intersection. The critical reason for V1 was coded as a driver related factor: type of driver error unknown. The driver of V2, a twenty-two year old male, was heading from home to work. This driver had been driving for about five minutes, drives the route daily and is familiar with the vehicle. The driver detected V1 early but assumed the vehicle would yield the right of way at the intersection. The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded: other vehicle encroachment; from opposite direction, over left lane line. The critical reason for V2 was coded: not coded to this vehicle. The driver of V3, a thirty-five year old female, was heading from home to the babysitter's. This driver had been driving for about two minutes, drives the route daily and is familiar with the vehicle. The critical pre-crash event for V3 was coded: not involved in first harmful event. The critical reason for V3 was coded: not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 2:  Decision present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Going straight
 3 ：Stopped in traffic lane

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Turning left at intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From opposite direction - over left lane line
 3 ：Other- Not involved first harmful event

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Type of driver error unknown
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
 3 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
