Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This crash occurred early evening involving two passenger cars at an intersection with traffic lights. The speed limit for the roadway is 54 kmph (35 mph). The road is a 4-lane divided (no positive barrier) concrete roadway for northbound travel and a 5-lane roadway for southbound travel . The road surface is blacktop, which was dry. There were no detrimental atmospheric conditions at the time of the crash. Vehicle one (V1), a 1985 Buick Le Sabre Station wagon was traveling north in the second lane, crossing through the intersection. Vehicle two (V2), a 2000 Dodge Ram Pick up, was traveling south in the fifth lane turning left. V2 entered the intersection from this left turn lane. The front of V1 impacted the front of V2. V1 rotated clockwise and came to rest within the intersection. V2 rotated counter clockwise after the impact, and came to rest within the intersection. The driver of V1 was a 28 year-old male in good health. He was not in a hurry and his right front passenger both went to local hospitals by private transportation after the scene was cleared by police. V1 was towed from the scene. The driver of V2 was in good health and not in a hurry. V2 was driven away from the scene. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: other vehicle encroachment; from opposite direction - over left lane line. The critical reason was not coded to this vehicle even though the driver made an Illegal maneuver for disregard of traffic signal. The driver of V2 was a 47 year old male who stated he did not see V1 at first because another vehicle was blocking his view of V1. He assumed that after the light changed V1 would yield him the right of way and he commenced with the turn. He was on his way home after grocery shopping. The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded: this vehicle traveling, turning left at intersection. The critical reason for the critical event was coded to V2 as a driver related factor: false assumption of other's actions. The driver assumed that V1 would yield the right of way to his vehicle due to the traffic controls being on-color.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Decision, Roadway, Surveillance present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Turning left

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From opposite direction - over left lane line
 2 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Turning left at intersection

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
 2 ：Driver Related Factor- False assumption of other's actions
