Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two-vehicle collision occurred on a two lane undivided roadway. This road is straight and level with one lane in either direction. The speed limit is 89 kmph (55 mph). This road is in a mountainous area with narrow shoulders. There were no adverse weather or roadway defects at the time of the crash, and the roadway was unlit. Vehicle one (V1), a 2001 Dodge Durango was traveling eastbound in the first lane, when an elk entered the roadway from the right. The front of V1 impacted the elk. V1 veered left from impact and entered the westbound lane, where the front of V1 impacted the front of vehicle two (V2), a 2006 Nissan Titan which was traveling westbound. Both vehicles rotated clockwise from impact and came to rest in the roadway. Both vehicles were towed due to damage. The driver of V1, a fifty-one year-old female, indicated that her vision of the roadway ahead was partially obscured by glare from V2's headlights. This driver had been on a long multi-leg trip. This driver had dropped her daughter off and was heading home. This driver last slept for seven hours in the vehicle while her daughter drove. Fatigue is considered a factor for this driver. This driver had been driving for about two hours on this leg of the trip. This driver drives this vehicle daily and only monthly on this roadway. The driver of V2, a forty-seven year old male, was unable to be interviewed. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: object or animal, animal in roadway. The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event was coded as an environment related factor: glare. V2 was not involved in first harmful event. The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event was not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Distraction, Driver Fatigue, Drugs, Roadway, Weather/Environment present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Roadway present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Object or Animal- Animal in roadway
 2 ：Other- Not involved first harmful event

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Environment Related Factor- Glare
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
