Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This single vehicle crash occurred a couple of hours before mid-night on a dark but lighted , left curve, divided highway. There were five lanes for southbound traffic. One right turn lane, three through lanes and one left turn lane. At the intersection, the right turn lane is separated from the through lane by a curbed island that contains a metal pole for the overhead traffic control signals. There were traffic controls with pedestrian lights that were operating properly. This is a slight left hand curve leading to the intersection. The roadway was dry and the speed limit was 72 kmph (45 mph). Vehicle one (V1), a 1995 Ford Taurus sedan driven by a 79 year-old male was traveling southbound in lane number one, the right turn lane. Driver one failed to turn and continued straight up the curbed island, hitting a traffic light pole with the front of the vehicle. V1 bounced backward slightly and came to rest on its wheels facing south. Information was difficult to obtain during the interview due to a language barrier. The driver takes medications for diabetes and had a heart by-pass operation 6 months prior to the crash. The driver was on his way home from his son's house, was not in a hurry, was well rested, very familiar with the vehicle and travel the route daily. He indicated he was traveling at a low speed before the collision and was not distracted internal to the vehicle or external to the vehicle. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: this vehicle traveling off the edge of the road on left side. The critical reason for the critical event was coded as a driver related factor: poor directional control (e.g., failing to control vehicle with skill ordinarily expected) .
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Driver Performance, Driver Physical, Drugs present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Negotiating a curve

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Off the edge of the road on the left side

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Poor directional control (e.g., failing to control vehicle with skill ordinarily expected)
