Case Summary:
1    Case Summary The crash occurred on a fully controlled urban bituminous highway, with two-lanes in each direction divided by a grassy median. The straight, level road has partially paved shoulders with rumble strips on both sides, and a posted speed limit of 105kph (65mph). Conditions at the time of the weekday afternoon crash were daylight, clear and dry. V1, a 2003 Honda Accord, driven by a 19 year-old female was traveling southbound on her way to work in the left lane at a stated speed of 70mph, on the verge of passing a pick-up truck pulling a closed trailer in the right lane. The driver of v1 saw the trailer begin to swing into her lane about to contact the right front of her vehicle, and swerved to the left shoulder to avoid the impact. The driver felt the rear of her car lose control and turned the steering wheel to the right to attempt to reposition her car back onto the road. V1 slid across the highway rotating clockwise and left the road on the right side. As the left wheels of v1 left the right shoulder, v1 rolled 4-quarter turns to the left down a -25% sloped grassy embankment, and came to rest on the wheels facing north in some brush. The fully restrained driver denied injuries, and v1 was towed from the scene due to damage. The Pre-event movement of v1 was coded as 'successful avoidance maneuver to a previous critical event'. The Critical Precrash Event coded to this vehicle was 'This vehicle control loss due to traveling too fast for conditions.' The Critical Reason for the critical pre-crash event coded was 'driver related factor-performance error-compensation.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Driver Performance, Speed/Distance present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Avoidance maneuver to a previous critical event

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Veh. Control Loss Due To:- Traveling too fast for conditions

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Overcompensation
