Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This crash occurred in the evening of a weekday at the intersection of a two-lane, two-way, undivided roadway, and a driveway to a school. The bituminous north/south roadway was dry, straight, and level with a posted speed limit of 56kmph (35 mph). It was daylight and clear and there were no adverse atmospheric conditions at the time of the crash. V1, a 2001 Nissan Altima, was southbound on the roadway approaching the driveway where it intended to turn left. V2, a 1999 Nissan Altima, was northbound on the roadway approaching the driveway intersection at constant speed. V1 slowed and began to turn across V2's lane of travel into the driveway. As V1 turned it was struck on the right side by the front of V2. After impact V1 rotated counter-clockwise before coming to final rest facing west in the driveway to the school. V2 came to final rest near the point of impact in the middle of the roadway. Both vehicles were towed due to damage. V1 was driven by a 56 year-old female who was traveling to the school to pick up her daughter. Fire Rescue had to extract the driver and two passengers from the vehicle for treatment. Before being taken away to receive treatment for minor injuries she stated that she did not think that V2 was coming up that fast. This driver could not be located to complete the interview. The Critical Precrash Event for V1 was coded this vehicle traveling, turning left at intersection. The Critical Reason was coded as a driver related factor, misjudgment of gap or other's speed. There were no associated factors in addition the misjudgment of the other vehicle's speed that could be coded to V1, as the driver could not be located for a complete interview. V2 was driven by a 52 year-old male who was commuting home from work. He stated that V1 just turned right in front of him. He slammed on his brakes and swerved to the right but could not avoid hitting V1. The driver of V2 was not injured in the crash. The Critical Precrash Event for V2 was coded other vehicle encroachment, from opposite direction - over left lane line. The Critical Reason was not coded to this vehicle. There were no associated factors coded to V2 and the driver was not thought to have contributed to this crash.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Drugs present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Turning left at intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From opposite direction - over left lane line

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Misjudgment of gap or other's speed
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
