Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This daytime two-vehicle collision occurred in a four-way, traffic signal controlled intersection; roadway surface for both vehicles is bituminous. No adverse weather conditions present at the time of collision. The posted speed limit for both vehicles was 56 kmph (35 mph). Vehicle one (V1) was a 1990 Dodge Grand Caravan occupied by the 24 year old female driver only. V1 was traveling south in lane one of two of an undivided, level, two lane roadway with the intention of going straight. Vehicle two (V2) was a 1993 Saturn SL2 4 door sedan with the 18 year old female driver and two passengers. V2 was traveling west in lane one of an undivided, -3% slope, two lane roadway with the intention of going straight. As the vehicles entered the intersection, the left side of V1 was contacted by the front of V2, causing V1 to begin to rotate in a counter clockwise direction. V1 then began to rollover with its right side leading, and rolled a total of two quarter turns. V1's rollover was interrupted by contact to the top of V1 to a tri-light signal pole. V1 came to rest on its top facing southwest, just south of the intersection. V2 came to rest in the intersection facing southeast. All occupants reported some injury, but none were transported. Both vehicles were towed due to damage. As both vehicles approached the intersection, each driver may have experienced sight line restriction to each other due to a raised yard and trees in N.E. corner of the intersection. Instead, V2's driver stated that the traffic signal had turned yellow upon entering the intersection. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: this vehicle traveling-crossing over (passing through) intersection. The critical reason was coded to V1 as a driver related factor: inattention (i.e., daydreaming). The driver does not remember see the traffic control signal at the intersection and was listening to the radio at the time. The driver may have been slightly fatigued having already worked 8 hours at her first job and was on her way to her second job. She works two jobs almost daily. The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded: other vehicle encroachment; from crossing street, across path. The critical reason was not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision, Distraction, Roadway present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Roadway present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Crossing over (passing through) intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From crossing street, across path

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Inattention (i.e., daydreaming)
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
