Case Summary:
1    Case Summary The crash occurred in the northbound lanes of an urban highway. Both Vehicles were in lane three approaching a left turn lane. It was evening on a weekday night. The conditions were dry and skies were clear. The roadway was level and straight and the traffic flow was normal. V1, a 1996 Chevy Cavalier was traveling approximately 72 kmph (45 mph) in lane three when it impacted the back of V2, a 2000 GMC Medium/Heavy utility truck which had been in the area restoring power from a hurricane. The truck was stopped in lane three for about five seconds when he was hit from behind. V1 was driven by a 79-year-old female who claimed to be in fair despite a history of high blood pressure. She was on her way home from her part-time job and stated in her interview that she did not even see the truck as it was dark in color and the lights were very small on the back of the truck. The driver was not injured but the vehicle was towed due to damages. The Critical Precrash Event for V1 was coded as other motor vehicle in lane, other vehicle stopped. The Critical Reason was a driver related factor, a recognition error, and inadequate surveillance (looked but did not see). She was wearing her prescription lenses that correct an unknown condition but still did not see V2 in front of her. V2 was driven by a 31-year-old male in good health who was coming from a work site. He stated that he was stopped in the turn lane for several seconds before he was struck by V1. The driver was uninjured and V2 was driven from the scene. The Critical Precrash Event for V2 was other motor vehicle in lane traveling in the same direction with higher speed. The Critical Reason was not coded for this vehicle, as he was not thought to have contributed to the crash. An associative factor for the driver was the long work shifts for the power company (he was working 16-hour shifts seven days per/week).
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Driver Physical, Drugs, Surveillance present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Driver Inexperience, Driver Stress/Emotion present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Stopped in traffic lane

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Other vehicle stopped
 2 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Traveling in same direction with higher speed

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Inadequate surveillance (e.g., failed to look, looked but did not see)
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
