Case Summary:
1    Case Summary The crash occurred in the middle of four-way intersection, there were one east bound and one westbound lane. There were one north and one southbound lane. The east and westbound lanes were controlled by a stop sign. The crash occurred on a weekday afternoon and the conditions were rainy and skies were cloudy. Vehicle # 1 was a 2005 Hyundai XG350, that was driven by a female who was heading westbound in lane one. She had stopped at the stopped sign and “did not see the other vehicle” as she proceeded into the intersection. Vehicle # 2 was a 1994 Toyota Camry LE-V6, that was driven by a male, who was traveling southbound in lane one. He did not have a stop sign and stated, “She pulled out into the intersection and made impact with his front. The Toyota was towed due to damages and the occupants were transported to a local hospital with injuries. The Hyundai was not towed due to damages and the driver was not injured. The driver of the Hyundai was cited for not yielding the right of way at a stop sign. The Critical Precrash Event for Vehicle # 1 was this vehicle was passing through an intersection. The Critical Reason for the Critical Precrash Event was inadequate surveillance, looked but did not see. This driver was cited for not yielding the right of way. An associative factor is also a sight line restriction with the parked cars and bushes in the way. Although, the woman did not report this as an issue in the crash during the interview, I feel this could be a reason, as she did not see the other vehicle. The Critical Precrash Event for vehicle # 2 was other vehicle encroachment from crossing street, across his path. The Critical Reason was not coded for this vehicle, as he was not thought to have contributed to the crash.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Driver Inexperience, Roadway, Surveillance, Weather/Environment present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Driver Inexperience, Roadway, Weather/Environment present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Stopped in traffic lane
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Crossing over (passing through) intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From crossing street, across path

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Inadequate surveillance (e.g., failed to look, looked but did not see)
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
