Case Summary:
1    Case Summary A crash involving two vehicles occurred during early afternoon hours at the intersection of: a two-way, four lane (seven overall), divided roadway without a positive barrier: and, a two-way, four lane (seven overall), divided roadway without a positive barrier. The road for both drivers was dry, traveled, level concrete. The posted speed limit is 64 kmph (40 mph) for both driver. Traffic was light at the time of the accident. There were no adverse weather conditions. Traffic flow controlled by a traffic signal. Vehicle one (V1) was a 2005 Kia Rio Sedan driven by a 22 year-old male that was northbound in the fourth travel lane waiting to turn left at the intersection. Vehicle two (V2) was a 2001 Cadillac Sedan DeVille driven by a 60 year-old male that was southbound in the first travel lane. V1 entered the intersection without the right of way and was struck on the right side by the front of V2. V1 rotated counterclockwise and came to rest facing southwest in the westbound lanes. V2 rotated clockwise and came to rest facing southwest in the intersection. Both vehicles were towed from the scene, no reported injuries. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: this vehicle traveling, turning left at intersection. The critical reason for the critical event was coded to V1 as a driver related factor: inadequate surveillance (e.g., failed to look, looked but did not see). The driver didn't see other vehicle prior to crash. The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded: other vehicle encroachment; from opposite direction - over left lane line. The critical reason was not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Surveillance present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Decision present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Stopped in traffic lane
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Turning left at intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From opposite direction - over left lane line

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Inadequate surveillance (e.g., failed to look, looked but did not see)
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
