Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This three vehicle mid-afternoon crash occurred on a rural, non-divided, two-way, straight, level, two-lane, bituminous State Route with paved shoulders on both sides and protected by traffic control signs. At the time of the crash, the roadway was dry, the weather was clear, and there were no sight restrictions or road defects. The posted speed limit on the roadway was 80 kmph (50 mph). Vehicle one (V1), a dark blue 1999 Saturn SL 2 four door, was traveling westbound. As V1 approached the area of the crash the driver, a 25 year old male with one passenger took his eyes off the road to change a disc in the CD player. Traffic stopped ahead and the V1's right front seat passenger shouted, "Look out!". The driver braked and steered to the left, but was unable to avoid a frontal impact with the back of vehicle two (V2), which was stopped for traffic. V1 came to rest at the approximate point of impact and was towed due to damage. V2, a red 1989 Pontiac Lemans two-door hatchback driven by a 16 year-old female, was stopped for traffic westbound behind vehicle three (V3). V3, a white 2005 Ford Focus Station wagon, driven by a 23 year-old male was stopped in the roadway waiting for traffic to clear to make a left turn into a driveway. V3 was struck in the rear by the front of V2. V3 was driven from the crash scene. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: other motor vehicle in lane, other vehicle stopped. The critical reason for V1 was coded as a driver related factor: internal distraction. The driver was distracted and took his eyes off the road while looking at a CD. The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded: other motor vehicle in lane, traveling in same direction with higher speed. The critical reason was not coded to this vehicle. V3 was not involved in first harmful event. The critical reason was not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision, Distraction, Driver Fatigue, Surveillance present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Stopped in traffic lane
 3 ：Stopped in traffic lane

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Other vehicle stopped
 2 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Traveling in same direction with higher speed
 3 ：Other- Not involved first harmful event

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Internal distraction
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
 3 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
