Case Summary:
1    Case Summary The crash occurred on an east/west two lane rural residential roadway. The road begins a reverse S curve for westbound traffic where the impact took place. The radius of curvature was 340m at roadway departure. The road crosses a creek and there are concrete curbs from a bridge on the north and south sides of the road just off the white lane lines. Conditions were daylight and dry on a weekday afternoon with a posted speed limit of 48kmph (30mph). Vehicle #1 was a 2002 Dodge Durango traveling westbound. As the vehicle began to negotiate the curve right it edged off the right (north) side of the road and struck the concrete curb with its front right wheel. Vehicle #1 then struck the right guardrail just west of the bridge. The driver overcorrected and crossed both travel lanes and departed the left (south) side of the road before going up an embankment and striking a 28cm diameter cedar tree with its front. After impact the Durango went backwards down the embankment and came to rest just off the south side of the road facing west. The vehicle was towed due to damage. Vehicle #1 was driven by a 17-year-old female that was not belted but was the beneficiary of deployed frontal airbags. She was treated and released from an area hospital with non-incapacitating injuries. She was on her way to her part time job when the crash occurred and in her statement she said she had no idea what happened. The Critical Precrash Event for Vehicle #1 was this vehicle traveling off the edge of the road on the right side. The Critical Reason for the Critical Event was a decision error, too fast for curve. Associated factors coded were traveling too fast for conditions, reason unknown and a other driver related experience factor, inexperienced driver.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Driver Inexperience, Driver Performance, Speed/Distance present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Negotiating a curve

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Off the edge of the road on the right side

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Too fast for curve/turn
