Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two-vehicle crash during early morning daylight hours on a dry, level, asphalt four-leg intersection that was controlled by on-colors traffic controls pedestrian signals. North and southbound traffic was divided by a curbed median with a metal fence in the middle. Southbound traffic consists of two through lanes and three left turn lanes. This side of the road was also on a slight left hand curve. Eastbound traffic was a ramp coming off of a U.S. highway and consisted of three straight one-way lanes. There is a right turn lane, a middle lane that turns right or left and a left turn lane. This side of the road was straight. The posted speed limit 56 kmph (35 mph)for all roads. Vehicle one (V1), a 2001 Kia Sportage SUV driven by a 26 year-old male was traveling southbound in lane two. Vehicle two (V2), a 1996 Jeep Grand Cherokee driven by a 43 year-old female was traveling eastbound in lane two, turning left. V1 ran a red light and impacted the left side of V2. V1 slid to final rest against V2 facing southwest in lane two. Both vehicles were towed from the scene. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: this vehicle traveling; crossing over (passing through) intersection. The critical reason for the critical event was coded to V1 as a driver related factor: Illegal maneuver, for disregard of traffic signal. The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded: other vehicle encroachment; from crossing street, across path. The critical reason was not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision, Drugs present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Negotiating a curve
 2 ：Stopped in traffic lane

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Crossing over (passing through) intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From crossing street, across path

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Illegal maneuver
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
