Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This four-vehicle crash occurred shortly after noon on a northbound three-lane expressway. The expressway consists of three northbound lanes that run straight. There are shoulders and concrete median walls on both sides of the expressway. The speed limit on the expressway was 88 kmph (55 mph). Vehicle one (V1), a 1998 Nissan Maxima with three occupants, was traveling northbound in the second lane. Vehicle two (V2), a 1998 Lincoln Continental with one occupant, was in the second lane in front of vehicle one. Vehicle four (V4), a 1985 Oldsmobile Ninety-Eight with one occupant, was in the second lane behind V1. Vehicle three (V3), a 1991 Honda Civic with one occupant, was in the second lane behind V4. Due to congestion V2 stopped in the second lane. The front of V1 hit the back of V2. V4 reacted by stopping in time, however the front of V3 hit the back of V4, causing the front of V4 to hit the back of V1. None of occupants were injured, and only V1 and V3 were towed due to damage. There are no known pre-crash factors for V1. The driver of V2 had just started this trip and was driving to look at a condominium. This driver was stopped at the time of the crash and was watching V1 in the rear view mirror as it approached. The driver of V3 had been driving for about four hours and was on the way to a job interview. This driver saw the vehicles stop but was unable to stop to avoid impacting V4. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: other motor vehicle in lane, other vehicle stopped. The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event was coded to V1 but because there was no interview it was coded: type of driver error unknown. The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded: other motor vehicle traveling in lane, traveling in same direction with higher speed. The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded:critical reason not coded to this vehicle. The critical pre-crash event for V3 was coded: other, not involved first harmful event. The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event for V3 was coded: critical reason not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Speed/Distance, Traffic present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Distraction, Drugs, Traffic present problem 
Vehicle 3:  Driver Inexperience, Driver Physical, Drugs, Speed/Distance, Traffic, Vision present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Decelerating in traffic lane
 3 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Other vehicle stopped
 2 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Traveling in same direction with higher speed
 3 ：Other- Not involved first harmful event

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Type of driver error unknown
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
 3 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
