Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two-vehicle crash occurred on a clear morning during rush hour traffic. The roadway has four-lanes and is bituminous, dry and lies north to south. The roadway is intersected with a roadway to the east that is controlled with a stop sign and a private drive to the west with no control. The posted speed limit is normally 72 kmph (45 mph); however, the crash occurred in a school zone with a re-posted speed limit of 40 kmph (25 mph) when children are present. Vehicle one (V1) was a 1976 Chevrolet K20 pickup driven by a 32 year-old male. V1 was traveling northbound in the second lane attempting a left turn. Vehicle two (V2) was a 1985 Ford F150 pickup driven by a 33 year-old female. V2 was traveling south in the first lane. V1 stopped in the intersection in lane two waiting for traffic to clear to make a left turn into a private drive. V1 was stopped for more than ten seconds waiting for the traffic to clear. A school bus was stopped in lane-two of the south bounds waiting for traffic to clear to make a left turn in front of V1. The bus driver motioned to V1 to make his turn. V1 proceeded with the left turn without looking to see if lane one of the southbound lanes were clear and was struck in the right side by V2's front. V1 came to final rest partially off the west road edge facing north. The driver was not injured and he pulled his vehicle out of the roadway. V2 came to final rest partially in lane one and lane two of the southbound lanes facing southwest. Both vehicles were towed due to damage, no reported injuries. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: this vehicle traveling, turning left at intersection. The critical reason for the critical event was coded to V1 as a driver related factor: inadequate surveillance (e.g., failed to look, looked but did not see). The driver's vision was blocked by the bus and rush hour traffic were associative factors. The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded: other vehicle encroachment; from opposite direction - over left lane line. The critical reason was not coded to this vehicle..
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision, Distraction, Roadway, Surveillance, Traffic present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Drugs, Traffic present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Stopped in traffic lane
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Turning left at intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From opposite direction - over left lane line

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Inadequate surveillance (e.g., failed to look, looked but did not see)
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
