Case Summary:
1    Case Summary A three vehicle daytime collision occurred during the morning rush hour. The collision occurred in the southbound lanes of an undivided rural highway, in lane one. The pre-crash roadway for both vehicles is a straight, dry and level bituminous roadway. The roadway has a posted speed limit of 64 kmph (40 mph). Vehicle one (V1), a 2000 Toyota Celica, was driven by a 22 year-old male who was traveling southbound on the roadway in lane one. Vehicle two (V2), a 2002 Dodge Neon driven by a 19 year-old female with one passenger, was traveling southbound in lane one. Vehicle three (V3), a 2003 Saturn Vue, was parked in a parking lot on the east side of the roadway. V1 was attempting to make a U-turn. V1 first moved to the right to swing wide, and then turned left in front of V2. The front of V2 struck the left side of V1. V2 continued in a southeast direction and impacted a chain-link fence, and then impacted parked V3. V2 came to rest against the front of V3. All three vehicles were towed due to damage. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: this vehicle traveling, over the lane line on the left side of travel lane. The critical reason for the critical event was attributed to V1 as a driver related factor: illegal maneuver. Inadequate surveillance was an associative factor for this driver for failing to look in his rearview mirror prior to making his U-turn. It was the first time the driver had driven on this road and he was on his way to visit a friend. He was looking at forward traffic after he had realized he missed his turn and decided to make a U-turn in the middle of the roadway, an illegal maneuver. The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded: other vehicle encroachment; from adjacent lane (same direction) - over right lane line. The critical reason for the critical event is not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision, Distraction, Driver Inexperience, Driver Physical, Surveillance present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Decision, Distraction, Drugs present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Changing lanes
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Over the lane line on left side of travel lane
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From adjacent lane (same direction) - over right lane line

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Illegal maneuver
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
