Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This single-vehicle crash occurred on a jersey barrier-divided, straight roadway. The eastbound lanes have a 4% downhill grade and consist of three through lanes with paved shoulders on both sides. There are jersey barriers on both sides of the road. The speed limit on this roadway is 97 kmph (60 mph). This crash occurred during daylight hours with no adverse atmospheric conditions. Vehicle one (V1), a 2000 Mazda Protégé, was eastbound in lane two. V1 began to move to the left to change lanes. The driver of V1 noticed a vehicle in lane three and steered to the right. V1 rotated clockwise, departed the right side of the roadway and the front struck the jersey barrier. V1 continued rotating and the right side struck the barrier. V1 was towed due to damage. The driver of V1, a nineteen-year-old female, was traveling from work to her home. She was healthy, well rested and familiar with her vehicle. She travels this route daily. This driver stated that she was aware of the vehicle in lane three but it was traveling faster than she realized. When she began to change lanes and realized that the non-contact vehicle was close, she abruptly steered to the right to avoid a collision, resulting in the loss of control. The pre-event movement for V1 was coded as "going straight." The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded as "this vehicle traveling; over the lane line on left side of travel lane." The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded as "driver related factor; overcompensation." An associated factor was the driver's misjudgment of the velocity of the other vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision, Driver Inexperience, Driver Performance present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Over the lane line on left side of travel lane

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Overcompensation
