Case Summary:
1    Case Summary The two-vehicle crash occurred at the intersection of a four-lane divided roadway and a five-lane divided roadway. For westbound traffic there is three travel lanes. For northbound traffic there is three travel lanes. Northbound traffic has a curve to the left before the intersection. Both roads were wet, traveled, asphalt. The posted speed limit is 56 kph (35 mph). Traffic was light at the time of the accident. There was rain earlier that day, but was not falling at the time of the accident. This crash occurred during daylight hours with clouds. Vehicle one, a 1988 Buick Le Sabre was westbound in the second travel lane. Vehicle two, a 1994 Buick Skylark was northbound in the second travel lane. Vehicle one entered the intersection and the front of vehicle one impacted the right of vehicle two. Vehicle one rotated counterclockwise and came to rest facing northwest in the intersection. Vehicle two rotated counterclockwise and came to rest facing north, partially on the median north of the intersection. Both vehicles were towed due to damage. The driver of vehicle one, a twenty-two year old male was heading home from a friends house at the time of the crash. This driver had been driving for about five minutes at the time of the crash. This drive stated that he saw the light turn yellow and was going to be able to make the light. The driver of vehicle one is no licensed to drive. This driver drives this vehicle daily and over this road on a daily basis. The driver of vehicle two, a sixty-five year old female was heading to a doctors appointment at the time of the crash. This driver had been driving for about fifteen minutes at the time of the crash. This driver stated that she never saw the other vehicle coming. This driver is taking Benecor as a medication. This driver drives this vehicle daily and over this road on a weekly basis. The critical pre-crash event for vehicle one was coded as "this vehicle traveling: passing through intersection”. The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event was attributed to vehicle one and was coded as “driver related factor: illegal maneuver“. The critical pre-crash event for vehicle two was coded as "other vehicle encroachment: from crossing street across path”. The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event for vehicle two was coded as “not coded to this vehicle”.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Aggressive Behavior, Decision, Roadway present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Drugs, Roadway present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Negotiating a curve

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Crossing over (passing through) intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From crossing street, across path

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Illegal maneuver
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
