Case Summary:
1    Case Summary An intersection related crash occurred during the early afternoon hours in an urban location with high traffic volumes. The roadways were wet from recent rain when the researcher arrived approximately 45 minutes after the crash occurred. Based on the windshield wipers being in the up/on position at the time of vehicle one's inspection, it was concluded that it was raining at the time of the collision. The three North & three Southbound legs of the intersection are divided by a wide grassy median. These legs are straight & level with overhead lighting and traffic controls that control vehicle movement through the intersection Within the median are one-way one-lane crossover travel lanes which enable the far left number three lane the ability to turn left onto the East/West crossing street. The travel of the crossover lanes within the intersection is also controlled by traffic lights and they are each curved to the left. The East/West legs of the intersection are comprised of one lane in each direction that is not divided. They too are straight & level. Vehicle two (V2) was a 1997 Toyota Corolla four-door sedan that was traveling in the crossover travel lane that entered the intersection to head westbound. Vehicle one (V1) was a 2002 Honda Civic two-door coupe that was traveling Northbound in the number one travel lane. The posted speed limit for both vehicles was 56 kmph, or 35 mph. As both vehicles traveled through the intersection the front of V2 impacted with the front of V1's left corner. After this first impact V2 rotated to its left and came to rest within the intersection. V1 was traveling at a much greater speed and after the first impact it traveled through the intersection and departed the right side to the roadway. The front of V1 near its right corner impacted a tree and the right front wheel of V1 snagged on the tree causing it to rotate quickly counterclockwise inducing a rollover of one-quarter turn onto the vehicles left side. V1 came to final rest in the number one lane on its left side facing in a northerly direction. Very little information was obtained as to factors leading up to the collision. No driver interviews were obtained, nor a copy of the police report. There were no known witnesses to the collision so the right-of-way for each driver could not be determined. The traffic lights were functional at the time of the crash, but it is unknown which driver entered the intersection against the red light. V1 & V2 were inspected on scene so most information known about the crash is derived from the vehicle inspections and vehicle dynamics. There was no indication of vehicle deficiencies for either vehicle from the vehicle inspections. Vehicle one (V1) was a red 2002 Honda Civic two-door coupe. Both the driver & passenger airbags deployed during the crash events. No information is available about the driver and it is unknown if there were any additional passengers in the vehicle. The driver was transported to a medical facility prior to the researchers arrival on-scene. Based on the vehicle dynamics, there was no indication that this driver made any avoidance actions prior to the crash. The critical precrash event for V1 was coded: other vehicle encroachment/ from opposite direction, over left lane line. The critical Reason for the critical event was not coded to this vehicle. Vehicle two (V2) was a red 1997 Toyota Corolla four-door sedan. Both the driver & passenger airbags deployed during the crash events. No information is available about the driver and it is unknown if there were any additional passengers in the vehicle. The driver was transported to a medical facility prior to the researchers arrival on-scene. Based on the vehicle dynamics, there was no indication that this driver made any avoidance actions prior to the crash. The critical precrash event for V1 was coded: this vehicle traveling/ turning left at intersection. The critical reason for the critical event was assigned to V2 because as a vehicle turning left at an intersection, that vehicle should yield to on-coming traffic that is going straight. For this crash it was reasoned that V2 imposed upon V1. The Critical reason was coded as a driver related factor, type of driver error unknown.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Roadway, Weather/Environment present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Roadway, Weather/Environment present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Unknown

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From opposite direction - over left lane line
 2 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Turning left at intersection

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
 2 ：Driver Related Factor- Type of driver error unknown
