Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This single-vehicle crash occurred early evening on a straight, dark, undivided, asphalt two-lane state highway. The highway was dry and free of defects and had double yellow lines for controls. The posted speed limit is 89 kph (55 mph). Vehicle one (V1), a 1989 Ford Escort sedan driven by a 37 year-old male was traveling southbound behind heavy traffic. The driver decided to pass the vehicle in front of him. The V1 crossed the double yellow lines and entered the northbound lane. Then V1 started to enter the southbound lane and started to rotate slightly counter clockwise ran off the right side of the road onto a gravel shoulder. The driver swerved to the left and the vehicle continued to rotate counter clockwise. The vehicle re-entered the southbound lane, northbound lane and off the left side of the road leading with its right side. The vehicle started to rollover down an embankment. The vehicle rolled over one-quarter turn onto its right side impacting a wire fence. The vehicle then rolled over another quarter turn onto its top. The vehicle came to rest on its top facing southwest at the bottom of the downhill embankment on top of the fence facing south west. V1 was towed from the scene. The critical event for V1 was coded - this vehicle traveling over the lane line on the left side of travel lane. Critical reason for the critical event coded driver related factor "aggressive driving behavior". Additional factor, alcohol the driver admitted he had been drinking prior to the crash. Vehicle equipment tires.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Aggressive Behavior, Decision, Distraction, Driver Inexperience, Driver Stress/Emotion present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Passing or overtaking another vehicle

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Over the lane line on left side of travel lane

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Aggressive driving behavior
