Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two-vehicle crash occurred about three and a half hours before midnight on a dry, two-lane, uphill, bituminous, roadway that runs north to south. This roadway intersects with a dry, downhill, seven-lane, bituminous roadway that runs east to west. This intersection was controlled by a traffic light. The roadway was dark but lit at the time of the crash and there were no adverse atmospheric conditions at the time of the crash. Vehicle one (V1), a 1996 Jeep Cherokee was traveling northbound in lane one. V1 turned left in the intersection to head westbound. Vehicle two (V2), a 1996 Mercury Villager was stopped at the traffic light in lane two. V1 began its left turn just as V2 was starting from the green light. As they both entered the intersection, the front of V1 contacted the front of V2. The driver of V1, a 16-year-old female had just left a church function and was headed home. In her interview, this driver stated that she wasn't paying attention for a second. She had only been driving unsupervised for 2 months. The driver of V2 a twenty-nine year old female was not interviewed and has no known pre-crash factors. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: this vehicle traveling, turning left at intersection. The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded as a driver related factor: inadequate surveillance (e.g., failed to look, looked but did not see). This driver stated that she was not paying attention. In her interview the driver did not mention any internal thought process. The driver of V1's inexperience was also coded as a contributing factor in this crash. The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded: other vehicle encroachment; from crossing street, turning into opposite direction. The critical reason was not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision, Driver Inexperience, Surveillance, Vehicle present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Decision present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Stopped in traffic lane
 2 ：Stopped in traffic lane

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Turning left at intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From crossing street, turning into opposite direction

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Inadequate surveillance (e.g., failed to look, looked but did not see)
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
