Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This crash occurred on a 5 lane positively divided roadway, the 5th lane being an on ramp. The roadway was straight and level with a posted speed limit of 105KMPH (65MPH). It was raining and the roadway was wet. This crash occurred on a weekday night. The roadway was not lighted. Vehicle #1, a 2001 Ford F150 pick-up was traveling northbound when it went off the roadway to the left striking a reflector pole. The driver then overcompensated, returning to the roadway, crossing three lanes (two northbound and the on ramp) and went off the road to the right striking another reflector pole before striking the embankment and rolling over ¼ turn to the left. The vehicle continued on, up the embankment and struck a bridge abutment with its top. The vehicle came to rest on its left side facing an easterly direction. This vehicle was towed due to damage. The Ford F150 (Vehicle #1) was driven by a belted 21 year old female who was transported to an out of area hospital by ambulance. There was an unbelted 21 year old male passenger in the front right seat who was also transported to an out of area hospital. Both occupants were extracted by a fire department using the Jaws of Life equipment. The passenger stated at the scene that he was handing the driver a bottle of water while she was eating a piece of dry cake. He also stated they were returning from out of state and had switched driving some miles back at a rest stop. This driver refused an interview stating she was not interested. A witness did not return messages left on his answering machine. All involved live out of the crash area. The Critical Precrash Event coded to Vehicle #1 was: "this vehicle traveling, off the edge of the road on the left side". The Critical Reason for the Critical Precrash Event was coded as: "driver related factor, recognition error, internal distraction. The Police did not consider alcohol or illegal drugs to be a factor in this crash and issued no summonses.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Distraction, Roadway, Weather/Environment present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Off the edge of the road on the left side

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Internal distraction
