Case Summary:
1    Case Summary A two-vehicle crash occurred during early evening hours. The crash occurred during dusk the roadway surface is concrete dry and free of defects. Traffic flow controlled by tri-color signal. There were no adverse atmospheric conditions at the time. The speed limit is 64 kmph (40 mph) for northbound traffic and 56 kmph (35 mph) for east/west traffic. Vehicle one (V1), a 2003 Ford Taurus sedan driven by a 54 year-old female was traveling northbound in the fourth lane of a five-lane, one-way roadway. Vehicle two (V2), a 1998 Volvo S70 sedan driven by a 55 year-old male was traveling westbound in the third lane of a four-lane, two-way, divided without positive barrier, roadway. As V1 entered the intersection its right side was impacted by the front of V2. The right side of V1 then side slapped the left side of V2. V1 rotated counter clock-wise, partially departed then returned to the roadway and came to rest in the roadway west of the point of impact. V1 was towed from the scene due to damage sustained in the collision. V2 rotated counter clock-wise and came to rest in the roadway north of the point of impact. V2 was towed from the scene due to damage sustained in the collision. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: this vehicle traveling; crossing over (passing through) intersection. The critical reason for the critical event coded as driver related factor: illegal maneuver, for disregard of the traffic signal. The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded: other vehicle encroachment; from crossing street, across path. The critical reason was not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Aggressive Behavior, Decision, Driver Fatigue, Drugs present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Distraction, Driver Inexperience, Drugs present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Decelerating in traffic lane

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Crossing over (passing through) intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From crossing street, across path

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Illegal maneuver
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
