Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two-vehicle crash occurred on a straight and level trafficway on the approach to a four-legged, traffic signal-controlled intersection. This trafficway is divided by a raised median with a guardrail. The southbound lanes consist of three through lanes. The speed limit on this roadway is 80 kmph (50 mph). This crash occurred during daylight hours with no adverse atmospheric conditions. Vehicle one (V1), a 1999 Ford Escort, was southbound in lane three. Vehicle two (V2), a 2001 Toyota Sequoia, was southbound in lane three in front of V1. V2 stopped and the front of V1 struck the back of V2. V2 moved to the southeast and the front struck the guardrail in the median. Both vehicles were towed due to damage. The driver of V1, a twenty-two-year-old female, was traveling with one passenger. According to the police report, this driver "did not see that traffic had stopped until it was too late." The vehicle damage indicates that this driver steered right in an attempt to avoid a crash. This driver was not interviewed; no further information is available for this driver. The driver of V2, a thirty-five-year-old male, was on his way to lunch from work. He was healthy, well rested and familiar with his vehicle. He travels this route daily. This driver stated that he saw V1 in his rearview mirror but was unable to avoid the crash due to traffic in front of him. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded as "other motor vehicle in lane; other vehicle stopped." The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded as "driver related factor; unknown recognition error." The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded as "other motor vehicle in lane; traveling in same direction with higher speed." The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event for V2 was "not coded to this vehicle."
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Other vehicle stopped
 2 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Traveling in same direction with higher speed

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Unknown recognition error
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
