Case Summary:
1    Case Summary The crash occurred in the interchange area of a two-way, ten-lane, interstate roadway. A concrete traffic barrier physically divided the northbound/southbound lanes. This was a straight, level, asphalt roadway, with a posted speed limit of 105kmph (65 mph). Conditions were daylight on a weekday afternoon with dry roads and clear skies. Traffic flow was normal. V1, a 1987 International medium/heavy truck with one occupant, was traveling northbound in lane three. V2, a 2000 Dodge Intrepid with two occupants, was traveling northbound in lane four, next to V1. For unknown reasons, the two vehicles made contact. The left side of V1 made contact with the right front quarter panel of V2. V1 veered to the right and rolled onto its left side, coming to final rest facing southeast. V2 was able to maintain control of the vehicle, pulling off onto the right paved emergency shoulder. Both vehicles were towed due to damage. V1, the medium/heavy truck, was driven by a 56-year old male, who was transported to the hospital due to injury. The driver, through his company supervisor, declined to be interviewed. However, the driver stated to police that he was not in the process of changing lanes when the crash occurred. The Critical Event for V1 was coded this vehicle traveling, over the lane line on the left side of travel lane. The Critical Reason for the Critical Event was an unknown recognition error. No associated factors could be determined due to lack of data. V2, the Dodge Intrepid, was driven by a 19-year old female, who refused treatment. The driver could not be reached for interview following the crash. However, the driver of V2 also stated to police that she was not in the process of changing lanes when the crash occurred. The Critical Event for V2 was coded other vehicle encroachment, from adjacent lane - over the right lane line. The Critical Reason for the Critical Event was not coded to this vehicle. No associated factors could be determined due to lack of data.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:


Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Over the lane line on left side of travel lane
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From adjacent lane (same direction) - over right lane line

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Unknown recognition error
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
