Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two-vehicle crash occurred during morning hours. The crash occurred on a two-lane divided interstate with a positive barrier. The roadway is straight and level, dry asphalt with a speed limit of 112 kmph (70 mph).The weather was clear. Vehicle one (V1), a 2001 Kenworth Tractor with trailer, was driven by a 44 year-old male who was eastbound in lane 1. V1 experienced tread separation on the right side of his vehicle causing some trailer swing to occur. The driver of V1 attempted to change lanes to the left and the left side of the tractor struckvehicle two (V2) on it's right side. V1's driver then locked the braked and steered right. The trailer departed the right road edge and struck a light pole. The driver then regained steering control and brought the vehicle to a stop blocking both eastbound lanes. V1 was driven from the scene and the driver was not injured. V2, a 2005 Jeep Liberty driven by a 26 year-old female, was eastbound in lane 2 with the cruise control set on 120 kmph (75 mph). As V2 was passing V1,the driver noticed V1's left turn signal come on. And before V2 could get past V1, V1 changed lanes and stuck V2's right side. This impact caused V2 to depart the left side of the roadway into the guardrail. V2 contacted the guardrail again before coming to final rest eastbound in lane one. V2 was towed due to disabling damage and the driver refused treatment on scene. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: this vehicle traveling, over the lane line on left side of travel lane. The critical reason for the critical event was attributed to V1 as a vehicle related factor: tires/wheels failed (e.g., tread separation). The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: other vehicle encroachment, from adjacent lane (same direction) - over right lane line. The critical reason was not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Drugs, Surveillance, Vehicle present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Over the lane line on left side of travel lane
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From adjacent lane (same direction) - over right lane line

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Vehicle Related Factor- Tires/wheels failed
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
