Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This crash occurred in the northbound lanes of a four-lane roadway divided by a grass median. There were two northbound lanes and two southbound lanes. This concrete roadway was a slight downgrade that curved gently to the right, with a posted speed limit of 89 kmph (55 mph). It was mid-afternoon on a weekday and conditions were clear. V1 was a 2001 Ford F-150 pickup that was towing a large flatbed trailer loaded with construction supplies estimated to weigh around 454 kgs (1000 lbs). V1 was driven by a 38-year old male. V1 was traveling north in lane one when the left rear tire of the vehicle suddenly lost pressure, causing the vehicle to begin weaving. The trailer then had a greater speed than the vehicle, causing it to begin a jackknife. The trailer pulled V1 off of the road edge on the right side and collided with a guardrail. The trailer became detached from the truck, rotated 180 degrees and came to rest off of the road on the right side. V1 was forced nose down and then rolled onto its left side when the trailer impacted the guardrail and became detached. V1 then rolled back onto its wheels and came to final rest on top of the trailer. The Critical Pre-crash Event for V1 was "this vehicle control loss due to jackknife event." The Critical Reason for the Critical Pre-crash Event was "vehicle related factor - tires failed." There were several associated factors for this crash. According to the driver's daughter, it was the first time that he had towed this trailer, and when it was attached to the truck, the rear end of the truck dropped considerably. This could account for diminished steering inputs and extra stress on the vehicles tires, which could potentially have led to the sudden loss in tire pressure (examination of the tire could not identify the cause of the flat tire, but evidence did show a loss in pressure pre-crash). It was not known if speed was a factor.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Driver Inexperience, Vehicle present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Negotiating a curve

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Veh. Control Loss Due To:- Jacknife Event

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Vehicle Related Factor- Tires/wheels failed
