Case Summary:
1    Case Summary The crash occurred in the evening of weekday on a six-lane east/west roadway just beyond a four-way urban intersection. The eastbound lanes were divided from the westbound lanes by a cement-curbed median and further divided into main and service lanes by a concrete barrier wall. The roadway approaching the division was bituminous, dry, straight, and level with a posted speed limit of 48kmph (30 mph). The traffic flow was normal and there were no adverse atmospheric conditions at the time of the crash. V1, a 1992 Buick Roadmaster four-door with a single occupant, was eastbound in lane two passing through the intersection. V1 was driving straight ahead when a Non-Contact Vehicle (NCV) on his left side cut in front of him. He steered to the right in an attempt to avoid the NCV. He struck the concrete divider between the main road and the service road and rolled over. V1 came to final rest in the eastbound service lane onto its right side plane. V1 was towed due to damage. The driver of V1, a 76 year-old male, had to be extracted and sustained minor injuries that resulted in transported to a medical facility. The driver was on his way to a hospital to visit his brother when a vehicle came from the left and cut him off. The Critical Precrash Event for V1 was coded this vehicle traveling, off the edge of the road on the right side. The Critical Reason for the Critical Event was coded as traveling too fast to respond to unexpected actions of others. There were no other associated factors coded to the driver of V1.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Drugs, Speed/Distance present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Avoidance maneuver to a previous critical event

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Off the edge of the road on the right side

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Too fast to be able to respond to unexpected actions of others (specify) :
