Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two-vehicle crash occurred in a three-leg intersection. The east/west roadway is straight and divided by a curbed median. The westbound lanes have a 3.3% upgrade and consist of three through lanes. The speed limit on this roadway is 72 kmph (45 mph). The north/south roadway (north of the east/west roadway) is two-lane, undivided and level, with a speed limit of 48 kmph (30 mph). This roadway curves to the right in the southbound direction and is controlled by a stop sign at the intersection. This crash occurred during daylight hours with no adverse atmospheric conditions. Vehicle one (V1), a 2004 Hyundai Elantra, was stopped southbound at the stop sign. Vehicle two (V2), a 1991 Mercedes 300E, was westbound in lane three. V1 entered the intersection, turning left. The front of V2 struck the left side of V1. Both vehicles were towed due to damage. The driver of V1, a thirty-year-old female, was traveling with a two-month-old female, from her home to work. She was well rested, healthy and familiar with her vehicle. She drives this route daily. This driver stated that she did not see V2 prior to the impact. The driver of V2, a thirty-one-year-old female, was traveling with a two-year-old female. This driver refused to be interviewed. No further information is available for this driver. The pre-event movement for V1 was coded as "stopped in traffic lane." The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded as "this vehicle traveling; turning left at intersection." The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded as "driver related factor; inadequate surveillance (e.g. failed to look, looked but did not see)." The pre-event movement for V2 was coded as "going straight." The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded as "other vehicle encroachment; from crossing street, turning into opposite direction." The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event for V2 was "not coded to this vehicle."
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Surveillance present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Stopped in traffic lane
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Turning left at intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From crossing street, turning into opposite direction

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Inadequate surveillance (e.g., failed to look, looked but did not see)
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
