Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This crash occurred in the westbound lanes of a not physically divided two-way roadway. The roadway had a speed limit of 48kmph (30mph) and had a grade of -2/61. It was dark but lighted, and it was clear with no adverse conditions. The crash occurred in the early morning hours on a weekend. Vehicle # 1 was a 2000 Mack Dump Truck that was traveling westbound on the roadway. Vehicle # 2 was a 2003 Chevrolet Trailblazer that was traveling eastbound, when it swerved into the westbound lanes. The front of Vehicle # 2 impacted the left side of Vehicle # 1. Vehicle # 2 came to a final rest back on the eastbound lane. The 2000 Mack Truck (Vehicle # 1) was driven by a 28-year old male who did not sustain any injuries. The Mack Truck was not towed due to damage. The Critical Pre-crash Event for Vehicle # 1 was coded as: Other vehicle encroaching into lane, from opposite direction over the left lane line. The Critical Reason for the Critical Event was not coded to this vehicle. The Chevrolet Trailblazer (Vehicle # 2) was driven by a 34-year old male who was transported to a local medical facility with non-incapacitating injuries. The driver was arrested for D.W.I. (Driving while Intoxicated). A bystander stated that there were three other occupants in the vehicle who did not sustain any injuries and fled the scene. The Chevrolet Trailblazer was towed due to damage. The Critical pre-crash Event for Vehicle # 2 was coded as: This Vehicle traveling, over the lane line on left side of travel lane. The Critical Reason for the Critical Event was coded as a Driver related factor, an unknown critical non-performance. The Police stated that the driver fell asleep and was under the influence of alcohol.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 2:  Alcohol present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Negotiating a curve

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From opposite direction - over left lane line
 2 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Over the lane line on left side of travel lane

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
 2 ：Driver Related Factor- Unknown critical non-performance
