Case Summary:
1    Case Summary Case #2005-45-155 The crash occurred at the intersection of an east/west four-lane median divided highway with shoulders and a two-lane side street that intersected from the north. The highway had concrete islands at the intersection in the median that created a merge/turn lane for traffic turning left to and from the side street to the highway. The highway curved to the left (south) as it traveled westward with a radius of curvature of 274m and a 4% downgrade. The two-lane side street had right and left turn lanes and was controlled by a stop sign. Traffic counts from 2003 indicate the highway carried 46,779 vehicles per day in the crash area while the side street accommodated 5,960 vehicles daily. The posted speed limit was 80kph (50mph). There were no sight distance or obstructions present at the intersection. Conditions were daylight and dry on a weekday afternoon. Interestingly, the intersection was redesigned in 2004 due to the high number of crashes. The changes have not appeared to decrease the volume of incidents. Vehicle #1 was a 1997 Toyota Camry traveling southbound on the side street. Vehicle #2, a 1990 Honda Accord, was westbound on the highway in the left lane. Vehicle #1 attempted to turn left from the side street to the highway and was struck in the front left corner by the front of Vehicle #2. After impact both vehicles came to rest facing south in the intersection just west of impact. Both vehicles were towed due to damage. Vehicle #1 was driven by a 58-year old female that was belted with deployed frontal airbags. She was not injured in the crash. In her interview she indicated that she didn't see the other vehicle. Police charged her with failure to yield. The Critical Precrash Event for Vehicle #1 was this vehicle turning left at intersection. The Critical Reason for the Critical Event was inadequate surveillance. Associated factors included looked but did not see. The driver was wearing glasses to correct a nearsighted condition. Vehicle #2 was operated by a 28-year old female that was belted. The vehicle was not equipped with airbags. The driver was transported to an area hospital with non-incapacitating injuries. She stated in her interview that she believed the other vehicle didn't see her. The Critical Precrash Event for Vehicle #2 was other vehicle encroaching from crossing street turning into opposite direction. The Critical Reason for the Critical Event was not coded to this vehicle. The only associated factor was strenuous recreational activities. The driver was wearing glasses to correct a nearsighted condition.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Surveillance present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Driver Physical present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Stopped in traffic lane
 2 ：Negotiating a curve

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Turning left at intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From crossing street, turning into opposite direction

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Inadequate surveillance (e.g., failed to look, looked but did not see)
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
