Case Summary:
1    Case Summary The crash occurred on the west roadside of a two-way, residential roadway. There was one lane each for the north and southbound directions of travel. The roadway had a posted speed limit of 56 kmph (35 mph). There was a 40 kmph (25 mph) advisory and a 6% downhill grade for the northbound approach. Conditions were daylight and dry with clear skies. The setting was midday on a weekday. Vehicle one was a 2006 Hyundai Sonata sedan traveling northbound in lane one. V1 traveled into the oncoming lane of travel and then braked. V1 then traveled off the left side of the road. The left plane of V1 sideswiped a small tree. The front plane of V1 then impacted a medium tree which brought it to final rest immediately. The Hyundai Sonata (v1) was driven by an 18-year old male who was detained on scene by police. He was reported to have non-incapacitating injuries. He stated that he and some friends were driving during their lunch break from school to a friend's house. A drink was spilled and the driver attempted to clean it up while driving. When he looked up he realized he was traveling in the wrong lane and braked. He was unable to regain control of the vehicle. He reported that his rear passenger was unbelted. He was unable to estimate a travel and impact speed. The investigating officer estimated his travel and impact speeds to be 80 kmph (50 mph) and 56 kmph (35 mph), respectively. The Hyundai sedan was towed due to damage. The Critical Precrash Event for v1 was this vehicle control loss due to driver not watching the road. The Critical Reason was a driver related factor of internal distraction. This driver was conversing with his passengers at the time of the crash. It was also his first time on this roadway. He had been driving for a period of two years.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Distraction, Driver Inexperience, Speed/Distance, Surveillance present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Off the edge of the road on the left side

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Internal distraction
