Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This crash occurred in the early afternoon of a weekday in the northbound lanes of a divided 4-lane highway. The highway consisted of 2 lanes in each direction divided by a grass median. The highway was bituminous, dry, straight, and level, with a posted speed limit of 88 kmph (55 mph). The traffic flow was normal and there were no adverse atmospheric conditions at the time of the crash. V1, a 2005 Pontiac Gran Prix with one occupant, was northbound in lane two. V2, a 2001 Ford Taurus with one occupant, was northbound in lane one. V1 attempted to changed lanes into lane one and struck V2 on its left side. V1 continued right and departed the roadway and drove up a hillside approximately 6 meters before coming to rest. V1 drove down the hillside onto the roadway and fled the scene. V2 upon being struck went off the roadway hit a guardrail with its right side before coming to final rest on the shoulder. The driver of V1, a 41 year-old male, reported no injuries as a result of the crash. He was pulled over by police shortly after he fled and was returned to the scene. He was taken into police custody after registering a 0.31 BAC and was issued a multitude of charges ranging from a DUI, failure to render aid, and traveling at an unsafe speed. No interview could be obtained with the driver V1. The Critical Precrash Event for V1 was coded this vehicle traveling over the lane line on the right side of the travel lane. The Critical Reason for the critical pre-crash event was unknown driver error. The only known associated factors that could be coded to the driver of V1 were the presence of alcohol, and traveling too fast for reason unknown. The driver of V2, a 26 year-old male, suffered minor injuries but did not require transport from the scene. No interview could be obtained from the driver of V2 after numerous attempts were made to contact him. The Critical Precrash Event for V2 was coded other vehicle encroachment, from adjacent lane - over left lane line. The Critical Reason was not coded to this vehicle. There were no known associated factors, but V2 was not thought to have contributed to this crash.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Alcohol, Driver Performance, Speed/Distance present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Over the lane line on right side of travel lane
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From adjacent lane (same direction) - over left lane line

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Type of driver error unknown
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
