Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This crash occurred in the morning of a weekday in the middle of a suburban intersection. The intersection consisted of physically divided (grassy median) six-lane north/south roadway and a physically divided (grassy median) four-lane east/west roadway controlled by a properly function traffic signal. The bituminous north/south roadway was dry and level with a slight curve right as on traveled southbound. The roadway featured a speed limit of 64 kmph (40 mph). The traffic flow was heavy as it was morning rush hour, but there were no adverse atmospheric conditions at the time of the crash. V1, a 1996 Volkwagen Passat with two occupants, was Southbound in lane three (the designated left turn lane), approaching the intersection where it intended to make a left turn. V2, a 2006 Mitsubishi Outlander with one occupant, was traveling Northbound in one approaching the same intersection where it intended to continue straight. As V1 began turning left it was struck on the right side by the front of V2. Both vehicles came to rest in the northbound lanes in the intersection. Both vehicles were towed due to damage. The driver of V1, a 29-year-old female was transported along with her passenger for treatment of minor injuries. While being interviewed she stated that she looked but saw no approaching traffic and assumed it was safe to turn. She did not know where V2 came from. The Critical Precrash Event for V1 was coded this vehicle traveling, was turning left at the intersection. The Critical Reason was coded as a driver related error of inadequate surveillance (looked but did not see). In addition to the inadequate surveillance the rush hour traffic was also coded as an associated factor. The driver of V2, a 45-year-old female was transported for treatment of minor injuries. On-scene the driver refused to be interviewed until she could speak with her attorney. Subsequent attempts to contact her failed to produce an interview as her phone had been disconnected and her exact address is unknown. The Critical Precrash Event for V2 was coded other vehicle encroachment, from opposite direction - over left lane line. The Critical Reason was not coded to this vehicle. The only known associated factor was the rush hour traffic.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Distraction, Surveillance, Traffic present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Traffic present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Turning left at intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From opposite direction - over left lane line

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Inadequate surveillance (e.g., failed to look, looked but did not see)
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
