Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two-vehicle crash occurred at approximately noon on a four-lane southbound expressway. The northbound expressway is divided with a positive median barrier and is not a factor in this crash. The southbound expressway is level, straight and has no visible deficiencies. The speed limit for this roadway is 89 kmph (55 mph) and is not controlled by any traffic control devices. The weather conditions were clear at the time of the crash. Vehicle one (V1), a 1997 Honda Civic with one occupant, was traveling southbound in lane three and attempted to change lanes to the right. Vehicle two (V2), a 2001 Ford Crown Victoria with one occupant, was traveling southbound in lane two of the expressway adjacent to vehicle one. The driver of V1 was inattentive while changing lanes and the front right corner of V1 struck the left side of V2. After this initial contact the vehicles side slapped with the right rear side of V1 and the left rear side of V2 impacting. V1 had minor damage and was not towed. V2 had minor damage as well but was towed and the occupant was transported to a hospital with a non-incapacitating injury. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: this vehicle traveling, over the lane line on right side of travel lane. The critical reason for V1 was coded as a driver related factor: inadequate surveillance (e.g., failed to look, looked but did not see). The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded: other vehicle encroachment-from adjacent lane (same direction)-over left lane line. A critical reason was not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Driver Inexperience, Surveillance present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Over the lane line on right side of travel lane
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From adjacent lane (same direction) - over left lane line

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Inadequate surveillance (e.g., failed to look, looked but did not see)
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
