Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two-vehicle crash occurred during early evening hours. The roadway surface is concrete,dry and free of defects. There were no adverse atmospheric conditions at that time. This intersection with stop signs controlling the east/west roadway, has a posted speed limit of 48 kmph (30 mph). Vehicle one (V1), a 1985 Mercedes-Benz 300-D sedan driven by a 37 year-old female, was traveling westbound in the right lane of a two-lane roadway. Vehicle two (V2), a 1998 Chevrolet S-10 pick-up driven by a 18 year-old male, was traveling northbound in the first lane of a two-lane roadway. V1 was attempting to pass through the intersection after stopping at the stop sign. When V1 entered the intersection, it was struck on the left side by the front of V2. V1 rotated counter clock-wise and came to rest facing westward partially off the roadway northwest of the point of impact. V2 continued along its path of travel and came to rest facing northward on the roadway. V1 and V2 were towed from the scene due to damage sustained in the collision. The driver of V1 was transported to the hospital for treatment. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: this vehicle traveling; crossing over (passing through) intersection. The critical reason for the critical event was coded to V1 as a driver related factor: inadequate surveillance (e.g., failed to look, looked but did not see). The driver of V1 stated the sun was in her eyes; the driver of V2 stated the driver of V1 was talking on cell phone. The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded: other vehicle encroachment; from crossing street, across path. The critical reason was not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision, Driver Stress/Emotion, Surveillance, Weather/Environment present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Stopped in traffic lane
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Crossing over (passing through) intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From crossing street, across path

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Inadequate surveillance (e.g., failed to look, looked but did not see)
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
