Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two vehicle crash occurred mid-morning during daylight hours at an intersection with tri-color traffic lights. The speed limit for the roadway is 56 kph (35 mph). The road is a 4-lane divided (no positive barrier) concrete east-west roadway for both vehicles. The road surface was dry and there were no detrimental atmospheric conditions at the time of the crash. The traffic limited due to roadwork in both directions. The medians for the east-west direction were both blocked off for the widening of the median. With the medians, the left turn lanes for both directions were closed for traffic. The westbound traffic used lane number three to turn left. The left turn lanes for both directions had a protected left turn arrow, which was illuminated before the lights for the straight traffic lanes were illuminated. Vehicle one (V 1), a 1999 Mitsubishi Galant sedan driven by a 30 year-old female was traveling west in lane three of the westbound lanes, attempting to make a left turn at the intersection. Vehicle two (V 2), a 2001 Nissan Sentra sedan driven by a 27 year-old female was traveling east in the first lane approaching the intersection. This lane was free of traffic while the traffic in lanes two to four was stopped. At the intersection, the front of V 2 impacted with the right side of V 1. V 1 rotated counter clockwise. V 2 rotated clockwise. Both vehicles side slapped. V 1 came to rest within the intersection, facing east. V 2 moved Into the unoccupied left turn lane of the northbound traffic lanes and came to rest 12.5 meter (28 feet) south of the intersection, facing south. Both vehicles were towed from the scene, the drivers were transported to a local medical facility. According to the driver of V 1 she had a medical condition since January, the medications she takes has a side effect of lower reaction and sleepiness. The driver stated she has 10 hours of sleep every night. She got up from a 10 hour sleep one hour prior to the crash. She claimed she waited at the intersection for a protected left turn arrow to illuminate. She never saw the arrow illuminate and attempted the left turn based on the assumption the oncoming traffic would have a red light because it was stopped. The crash scene, which was under construction, was inspected about 2 hours after the crash. The researcher noticed an unusually short time the left turn arrow was illuminated. . The pre-event movement for V 1 was coded turning left. The critical pre crash event was coded this vehicle traveling turning left at an intersection. The critical reason for the critical event was coded "inadequate surveillance-looked but did not see". (The driver decided to make the turn, although she was not able to see if lane one of the northbound lanes was free. She assumed the oncoming traffic still had a red light because it was stopped in lanes two or three). The pre-event movement of V 2 was coded going straight. The critical pre crash event was coded other vehicle encroaching from crossing street across path. No critical reason for the critical event was coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision, Drugs, Roadway, Surveillance present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Roadway present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Turning left
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Turning left at intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From crossing street, across path

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Inadequate surveillance (e.g., failed to look, looked but did not see)
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
