Case Summary:
1    Case Summary A two-vehicle head-on collision occurred during the very late afternoon hours. The collision occurred on a four-lane roadway. The pre-crash roadway has a uphill grade, and a curve to the right with bituminous paving. The roadway has a posted speed limit of 56 kmph (35 mph). At the time of the crash it was dark, and raining heavily; the roadway was illuminated by street lights. There were no road defects or sight restrictions in the crash area. Vehicle one (V1), a gray 1990 Lincoln Mark VII, driven by a 66 year-old male was traveling westbound in lane two. Vehicle two (V2), a dark gray 2002 Dodge Dakota pickup, driven by a 62 year-old male was traveling eastbound in lane one. V1 crossed the centerline and the two vehicles collided head-on. The impact rotated V1 counterclockwise and V1 came to rest facing generally south across the two eastbound lanes. V2 departed the impact on an east/northeast trajectory, crossed into the oncoming lanes, crossed the road and came to rest in the number 1 westbound lane facing generally east. Both vehicles were towed due to damage. The V1 driver, a restrained 66 year old male, experienced a heart attack prior to the collision, and expired at the scene. According to the autopsy, there were minor injuries to the driver of V1 not consistent with a fatal crash. Autopsy cause of death listed as Atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: this vehicle traveling, over the lane line on the left side of travel lane. The critical reason for the critical event was coded to V1 as a driver related critical non-performance factor: heart attack or other physical impairment of the ability to act. The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded: other vehicle encroachment; from opposite direction- over left lane line. The critical reason was not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Driver Physical, Weather/Environment present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Roadway, Surveillance, Weather/Environment present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Negotiating a curve
 2 ：Negotiating a curve

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Over the lane line on left side of travel lane
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From opposite direction - over left lane line

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Heart attack or other physical impairment of the ability to act
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
