Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This is a two vehicle crash that occurred during early afternoon daylight hours. The crash occurred at a rural intersection of two roadways. The roadways were bituminous, dry, straight and level. There were no roadway deficiencies and the weather was sunny, clear and dry. The posted speed limit for both roadways 80 kmph (50 mph). Vehicle one (V1) was a white 1999 Chevrolet Suburban 4x4 utility vehicle driven by a 19 year-old male with one passenger was southbound. Vehicle two (V2) was a yellow 1978 Chevrolet 1500 4x4 pickup towing an empty three-horse trailer driven by a 35 year-old male with one passenger. V 2 slowed at the intersection, signaled to make a left turn and proceeded to make the turn headed east. V1 was behind V2 and attempted to pass on the left when V2 turned left, The left side V2 impacted with V1 on the right side. The impact caused a control loss to V1. V1 departed the roadway on the left, returned to the roadway and the left side tires and wheels dug into the asphalt causing V 1 to overturn on the roadway two quarter turns. V1 came to final rest on the roof facing generally southeast in the #1 southbound lane. The driver of V2 brought the vehicle to a controlled stop,facing east, on the right shoulder of the eastbound roadway. V1 was towed due to damage. V2 was driven from the scene. The driver of V1 was transported to a local medical facility. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: this vehicle traveling, over the lane line on right side of travel lane. The critical reason for V1 was a driver related decision error: false assumptions of other's actions. The driver made a false assumption and thought V2 stopped and did not realize he was turning left at the intersection. He made a decision to illegally pass V2 on the left and crossed the double yellow lane line, also an act of aggressive driving.. The critical pre-crash event for V2 was: other vehicle encroachment; from adjacent lane (same direction) - over left lane line. The critical reason was not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Aggressive Behavior, Decision, Surveillance present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Passing or overtaking another vehicle
 2 ：Turning left

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Over the lane line on right side of travel lane
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From adjacent lane (same direction) - over left lane line

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- False assumption of other's actions
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
