Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two-vehicle crash occurred in the afternoon on a clear day at a Tee intersection to a commercial driveway. Traffic is controlled at the intersection with traffic signals on color. The roadway has six-lanes, three in each direction, and is straight, bituminous, and level. The two-way traffic is divided by a curbed sod median that is 5.6 meter (18 feet) wide. This roadway run east to west and a three-lane driveway intersects on the south side. Vehicle one (V1), a 2001 Mercury Sable was westbound in lane three attempting to make a left turn on a circular green light. Vehicle two (V2), a 1993 Chevrolet Caprice was eastbound in lane two attempting to pass through the intersection with a circular green light. The front of V2 struck the front right corner of V1. V1 rotated counter clockwise and came to final rest in the intersection facing southeast. V2 veered right and came to final rest facing southeast. Both vehicles were towed due to disabling damage. The driver of V1 was transported to a local trauma center for incapacitating injuries. The driver of V2 did not seek treatment. V1 contained one occupant, a 60 year-old female. The driver advised as she approached the intersection it seemed clear. And she was looking at her turn destination and did not see V2 until it was in front of her. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded as: This vehicle traveling, turning left at intersection. The critical reason was coded as: Driver related factor recognition error, inadequate surveillance. The driver was focused on her turn destination and did not detect V2 prior to the crash. V2 contained one occupant, a 55 year-old female. She stated that as she went through the intersection V1 turned in front of her. She did not detect V1 in time to avoid the crash. The driver failed to look to her left. The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded as: Other vehicle encroachment-from opposite direction-over left lane line. There was no critical reason coded for V2.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Surveillance present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Surveillance present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Decelerating in traffic lane
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Turning left at intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From opposite direction - over left lane line

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Inadequate surveillance (e.g., failed to look, looked but did not see)
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
