Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two-vehicle crash occurred in the northbound lanes of a two-lane center barrier wall divided urban expressway. It was late evening, and the roadway was dark. The bituminous roadway is straight, level and was dry at the time. The posted speed limit is 89 kmph (55 mph). Just before the crash area, there is an on-ramp that has one-lane and is controlled by a yield sign. Traffic flow was light and the weather was clear. Vehicle one, an unknown make/model was northbound in the first lane. Vehicle two, a 2002 Dodge Stratus was on the access ramp approaching the roadway. As vehicle two merged into the expressway it was struck in the rear left by the front of vehicle one. Vehicle two began a counter clockwise rotation, crossed the second lane and struck the center barrier wall with the front end. After the barrier wall impact, vehicle two continued to rotate and struck the barrier wall a second time with it's right side. Vehicle two came to final rest in the second northbound lane, facing southeast against the barrier wall. Vehicle one continued northbound on the expressway, fleeing the scene. Vehicle two was towed due to damage. The driver of vehicle one, an unknown driver fled the scene and no interview was obtained. The driver of vehicle two, a twenty-one year old female was not interviewed. The critical pre-crash event for vehicle one was coded as "other vehicle encroachment: from entrance to limited access highway". The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event for vehicle one was coded as "not coded to this vehicle". The critical pre-crash event for vehicle two was "this vehicle traveling: over the lane line on left side of travel lane". The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event for vehicle two was coded as "driver related factor: type of driver error unknown".
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:


Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Unknown
 2 ：Merging

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From entrance to limited access highway
 2 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Over the lane line on left side of travel lane

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
 2 ：Driver Related Factor- Type of driver error unknown
