Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two-vehicle crash occurred mid-afternoon on a four-lane, undivided, dry, bituminous roadway that runs east to west with a moderate curve towards the right. This roadway intersects with a level, dry, two-lane, two-way, bituminous roadway that runs north to south with no curve. The intersections of these two roadways in controlled by a traffic signal. There were no adverse atmospheric conditions at the time of the crash. Vehicle one (V1), a 1993 Toyota Corolla was traveling in lane one and negotiating a curve to the right at approximately 56 kmph (35 mph). Vehicle two (V2), a 2003 Chevrolet Cavalier was just starting in traffic in an attempt to pass through the intersection at approximately 16 kmph (10 mph). As V1 crossed through the intersection, V2 entered the intersection. V1 braked with lockup and skidded into V2. The front of V1 contacted the left side of V2. Post-impact, V1 continued its westbound path of travel and pulled into a parking lot west of the intersection. V1 was not towed due to disabling damage. Post-impact V2 rotated counterclockwise and came to rest facing east in the intersection. V2 was towed due to disabling damage. The driver of V1 was a 27-year-old male. He was familiar with both the vehicle and the roadway and was not fatigued from excessive work or abnormal sleeping habits. The critical precrash event for V1 was coded: this vehicle traveling; crossing over (passing through) intersection. The critical reason for the critical event was attributed to V1 and was coded as a driver related factor: illegal maneuver. In the interview, the driver of V1 stated that the light was red, then he changed his answer to green. Aggressive driving was coded as an associative factor for this driver. The driver of V2 was a 40-year-old female. She was familiar with her vehicle and the roadway and was not fatigued from excessive work or abnormal sleeping habits. Driver of V2 was on the way back from a work mandated drug test at the time of the collision, and was a bit stressed out from this. She had concerns about the new job she had just started. The critical precrash event for V2 was coded: other vehicle encroachment; from crossing street, across path. The critical reason was not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Aggressive Behavior, Decision present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Distraction, Driver Stress/Emotion present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Negotiating a curve
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Crossing over (passing through) intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From crossing street, across path

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Illegal maneuver
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
