Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two-vehicle crash occurred in a four-legged, traffic signal-controlled intersection. The east/west roadway is divided, straight and consists of three through lanes in each direction and a left turn lane at the intersection. The speed limit on this roadway is 72 kmph (45 mph). This crash occurred during daylight hours with no adverse atmospheric conditions. Vehicle one (V1), a 1987 Dodge Diplomat, was eastbound in lane two. Vehicle two (V2), a 2000 Mazda 626, was stopped at the intersection, westbound in lane four. V2 entered the intersection turning left. The front of V1 struck the right side of V2. The vehicles rotated clockwise and the right side of V1 struck the right side of V2. V2 continued off the roadway on the southeast corner. The back of V2 struck a pole. Both vehicles were towed due to damage. The driver of V1, a twenty-five-year-old male, was traveling with four passengers, from his home to drop off one of the passengers at work. This driver was well rested, healthy and comfortable with his passengers. He travels this route daily. He was familiar with his vehicle and stated that his brakes failed when he attempted to stop before entering the intersection. Inspection revealed no deficiencies in the brake system in his vehicle. The driver of V2, a fifty-five-year-old female, was on her way to work from her home. She was healthy, well rested and familiar with her vehicle. She drives on this roadway daily. This driver stated that she stopped at the intersection and did not see V1 prior to the crash. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded as "other vehicle encroachment; from opposite direction - over left lane line." The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event for V1 was "not coded to this vehicle." This driver's failure to obey the traffic control signal was an associated factor in this crash. The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded as "this vehicle traveling; turning left at intersection." The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded as "driver related factor; inadequate surveillance (e.g. failed to look, looked but did not see)."
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision, Surveillance present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Decision, Surveillance present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Stopped in traffic lane

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From opposite direction - over left lane line
 2 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Turning left at intersection

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
 2 ：Driver Related Factor- Inadequate surveillance (e.g., failed to look, looked but did not see)
