Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This three-vehicle crash occurred on the approach to a traffic signal-controlled intersection. The northbound roadway is one-way, level, straight and was dry at the time of the crash. There are three through lanes and a left turn lane. The speed limit on this roadway is 72 kmph (45 mph). This crash occurred during daylight hours with no adverse atmospheric conditions. Vehicle one (V1), a 1998 Chevrolet Malibu, was northbound in lane three. Vehicle two (V2), a 1999 Jeep Cherokee, was stopped northbound in lane three behind vehicle three (V3), a 2003 Toyota Camry, which had stopped for the red traffic signal. The driver of V1 sneezed and when he looked back at the roadway, he realized that the other vehicles were stopped. The front of V1 struck the back of V2. V2 was pushed forward and the front struck the back of V3. V1 was towed due to damage. The driver of V1, a forty-year-old male, was traveling from work to his home. He was healthy, well rested and familiar with his vehicle. This driver drives this route daily. The driver of V2, a fifty-eight-year-old female, was traveling from her home to pick up her granddaughter from school. She was well rested, healthy and comfortable with her vehicle. She drives on this roadway daily. The driver of V3, a thirty-four-year-old female, was traveling from work to her home. She was healthy, well rested and familiar with her vehicle. This driver drives this route daily. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded as "other motor vehicle in lane; other vehicle stopped." The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded as "driver related factor; internal distraction." The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded as "other motor vehicle in lane; traveling in same direction with higher speed." The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event for V2 was "not coded to this vehicle." The critical pre-crash event for V3 was coded as "other; not involved in first harmful event." The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event for V3 was "not coded to this vehicle."
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Distraction, Traffic present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Traffic present problem 
Vehicle 3:  Distraction, Driver Physical, Traffic present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Going straight
 3 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Other vehicle stopped
 2 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Traveling in same direction with higher speed
 3 ：Other- Not involved first harmful event

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Internal distraction
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
 3 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
