Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This crash occurred in the early evening of a weekend in the middle of two-way residential intersection. The intersection consisted of a southbound four-lane roadway and an eastbound four-lane roadway controlled by a properly functioning traffic signal. Both roadways were bituminous, dry, and straight with slight uphill grades. The posted speed limit for each road was 56kmph (35 mph). Traffic flow was normal and there were no adverse atmospheric conditions at the time of the crash. V1, a 1997 Mercury Cougar was southbound in lane two approaching the intersection where it intended to go straight. V2, a 1989 Mercury Grand Marquise was eastbound in lane two approaching the same intersection where it also intended to go straight. As V1 entered the intersection against the red light it struck the left side of V2. Both vehicles came to final rest in the roadway. The driver of V1 was an 18 year-old male who reported that he had just got his license a week ago. He reported that he was traveling between 34-48kmph (21-30mph) prior to the crash. He was rested and traveling to get something to eat. He stated the sun was in his eyes (a claim the evidence proves unlikely) and did not see the red light until he was nearly in the intersection. He braked, but could not avoid V2. He sustained minor injuries and was transported to a local trauma facility while V1 was towed due to damage. The Critical Precrash Event for V1 was coded this vehicle traveling, crossing over (passing through) intersection. The Critical Reason for the Critical Precrash Event was a driver related factor, inadequate surveillance. In addition to the failure to look far enough ahead (inadequate surveillance) inexperience was coded as an associated factor as the driver had only had his license for a week prior to the crash. The driver of V2 was a 34 year-old female who reported that she had been traveling between 34-48kmph (21-30mph) prior to the crash. She was rested and traveling home. She was not wearing her prescription lenses, which corrected a myopic (near-sighted) condition. They are only used for reading. She sustained minor injuries and was transported to a local trauma facility as V2 was towed due to damage. The Critical Precrash Event for the driver of V2 was coded other vehicle encroachment, from crossing street, across path. The Critical Reason for the Critical Precrash Event was not coded to the driver of V2 and she was not thought to have contributed to the crash.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision, Driver Inexperience, Surveillance present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Roadway present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Decelerating in traffic lane
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Crossing over (passing through) intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From crossing street, across path

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Inadequate surveillance (e.g., failed to look, looked but did not see)
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
