Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two-vehicle crash occurred on a divided, access-controlled roadway. The eastbound lanes have a 3.3% uphill grade, curve to the left and consist of four through lanes. The speed limit on this roadway is 97 kmph (60 mph). There was rush hour congestion at the time of the crash. It was dark with streetlights on at the time of the crash and there were no adverse atmospheric conditions. Vehicle one (V1), a 1986 GMC Suburban pulling a trailer loaded with lawn care equipment, was eastbound in lane one. Vehicle two (V2), a 1997 Nissan Altima, was stopped in lane one in front of V1. V2 began to accelerate. The front of V1 struck the back of V2. V2 was towed due to damage. The driver of V1, a forty-one-year-old male, was traveling with three male passengers, from a job site to their workplace. He was well rested, healthy and comfortable with his vehicle, the cargo and his passengers. He drives this route daily. This driver stated that he did not realize that traffic was stopped. He applied the brakes in an attempt to avoid a collision. The driver of V2, a twenty-two-year-old female, was traveling from a relative's home to her home. She was healthy, well rested and familiar with her vehicle. She drives on this roadway daily. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded as "other motor vehicle in lane; traveling in same direction with lower steady speed." The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded as "driver related factor; inadequate surveillance (e.g. failed to look, looked but did not see)." The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded as "other motor vehicle in lane; traveling in same direction with higher speed." The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event for V2 was "not coded to this vehicle."
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Speed/Distance, Surveillance, Traffic present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Traffic present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Negotiating a curve
 2 ：Stopped in traffic lane

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Traveling in same direction with lower steady speed
 2 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Traveling in same direction with higher speed

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Inadequate surveillance (e.g., failed to look, looked but did not see)
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
