Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two vehicle crash occurred mid-morning during daylight hours at an intersection controlled with on-color traffic lights. The speed limit for the roadway is 64 kmph (40 mph) from south to north and 72 kmph (45 mph) from east to west. The road is a 4-lane divided (no positive barrier) concrete roadway for both vehicles. The road surface was dry and there were no detrimental atmospheric conditions at the time of the crash. Vehicle one (V1), a 1993 Nissan Maxima sedan driven by a 26 year-old female with one passenger was traveling north in the first lane, crossing through the intersection. Vehicle two (V2), a 2005 Chevrolet Impala sedan driven by a 44 year-old female with two passengers was traveling east in the first lane. As V2 entered the intersection the front of V1 impacted the right side. V2 rotated clockwise and moved into the eastbound lanes. V1 rotated clockwise after the impact, and moved towards the south curb of the eastbound lanes. It came to rest facing south. Both vehicles were towed from the scene. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: this vehicle traveling, crossing over (passing through) intersection. The critical reason for the critical event was coded to V1 as a driver related factor: illegal maneuver, for failing to see traffic control signal. An additional factor for V1 was inattention (daydreaming). The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded: other vehicle encroachment; from crossing street, across path. The critical reason was not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Aggressive Behavior, Decision, Distraction, Surveillance present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Crossing over (passing through) intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From crossing street, across path

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Illegal maneuver
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
