Case Summary:
1    Case Summary The crash occurred on a straight, bituminous, two-way, two lane rural road with a posted speed limit of 89 kmh (55mph). The conditions at the time of the weeknight crash were dark, clear and dry. According to witnesses interviewed at the scene, v1, a 1998 Saturn SL sedan, driven by a 39 year-old male on his way home, was traveling westbound on a >2% downhill slope. V1, which was in front of the witnesses for a period of about 8 miles, was observed weaving back and forth across the lanes, alternately leaving the road on the right and then crossing the centerline and onto the left shoulder, while driving below the posted speed limit. After a vehicle passed v1 on the left, v1 accelerated and began to drive above the speed limit, while continuing to weave. The witnesses were on a cell phone with emergency personnel to report the actions of the Saturn, when they caught back up to v1, where v1 had just struck v2 in the westbound lane. V2, a 2002 Dodge Dakota ST pick-up truck driven by a 31 year-old male, was traveling eastbound on the road when the front of v2 struck the left side of v1. The fully restrained driver, 12 year-old front right and 6 year-old back left passengers were transported to a local trauma center. V2 came to rest off of the road on the south side facing east and was towed from the scene due to damage. V1 had left the roadway on the right, reentered the road, crossed the centerline, and then steered back to the right just prior to impact. The unrestrained driver of v1 was ejected from the vehicle, and sustained fatal injuries as he impacted the ground in the westbound lane. V1 came to rest facing east and was towed from the scene due to damage. The Critical Precrash Event coded to the driver of v1 was 'this vehicle traveling over the lane line on the left side of travel lane.' The Critical Reason for the Critical Event coded was 'other decision error,' related to the driver's impaired ability due to a medically reported blood alcohol level of .21. The Critical Precrash Event coded to the driver of v2 was 'other motor vehicle encroachment from opposite direction-over left lane line.' The Critical Reason was not coded to this vehicle. An Associated Factor was coded for possible side effects of the prescribed pain medication the driver was taking for a recent leg surgery. Some of the effects include light-headedness, dizziness, and sleepiness.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Aggressive Behavior, Alcohol, Decision, Speed/Distance present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Drugs present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Changing lanes
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Over the lane line on left side of travel lane
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From opposite direction - over left lane line

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Unknown decision error
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
