Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two vehicle crash occurred mid-morning during daylight hours. The roadway was a concrete, five lane curve left divided interstate with paved shoulders on both sides and no rumble strip. The weather was clear and dry with no visibility problems. The posted speed limit is 97 kmph (60-mph). Vehicle one (V1), a 2002 Chevrolet Prizm four door sedan, driven by a 69 year-old female was traveling northbound in lane four. Vehicle one applied the brakes and swerved left to avoid a large rock in its travel lane. Vehicle one left it's travel lane to the left and struck the right side front of Vehicle two (V2), a 1992 Mazda MPV mini van, driven by a 67 year-old female with one passenger who was traveling northbound in lane five (HOV lane). On impact vehicle one was redirected back north and drove the vehicle to a controlled stop on the left shoulder. Vehicle two continued northbound with a disabled right front wheel. The vehicle departed lane five onto the left shoulder, returned back into lane five, then departed to the left shoulder again and came to rest on the shoulder approximately ninety meters north of the point of impact. Vehicle one was disabled and towed due to damage. Vehicle two had a restricted right front wheel. The wheel was replaced at the scene and the vehicle was driven away from the scene. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: this vehicle traveling, over the lane line on the left side of travel lane. The critical reason for the critical event was coded to V1 as a driver related factor: poor directional control. The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded: other vehicle encroachment; from adjacent lane (same direction)- over right lane line. The critical reason not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Distraction, Driver Performance, Driver Physical, Drugs present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Distraction present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Negotiating a curve
 2 ：Negotiating a curve

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Over the lane line on left side of travel lane
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From adjacent lane (same direction) - over right lane line

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Poor directional control (e.g., failing to control vehicle with skill ordinarily expected)
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
