Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This single-vehicle crash occurred on a north/south, seven lane, divided, straight, level roadway with a speed limit of 64 kmph (40 mph). There were three travel lanes for northbound traffic. This crash occurred before sunrise with light traffic. The roadway was illuminated. There were no adverse weather conditions at the time of the crash. Vehicle one (V1), a 2004 Saab 9-3 convertible with one occupant, was northbound in lane two. The driver of V1 changed lanes to the left into the third lane. V1 departed the roadway on the left side onto the curbed concrete median where the front of V1 struck a concrete light pole base. The vehicle came to rest at impact. The vehicle was towed due to damage. The driver of V1, a fifty-three year-old female, was traveling from a store to home. She was well rested, in good health and comfortable with her vehicle. She drives this route daily. The driver stated that she was momentarily inattentive and did not accurately judge her position relative to the median as she was changing lanes to the left. The driver also stated that she was in a bit of a hurry, but for no particular reason. The police on the scene advised that the driver had told them she was talking on her cell phone and applying make-up at the time of the crash. This internal distraction allowed the vehicle to drive off the left side of the roadway onto the median. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded as: this vehicle traveling; off the edge of the road on the left side. The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded as a driver related factor: internal distraction.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Cell Phone Use, Distraction, Driver Performance, Driver Stress/Emotion present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Changing lanes

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Off the edge of the road on the left side

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Internal distraction
