Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two vehicle daytime collision occurred at 0743 hours. The crash occurred at the intersection of a 2 lane undivided roadway and an unmarked two-way side street. The roadway for is straight and level concrete paving. The east/west roadway has a uphill grade of 11%. The main roadway is an arterial with a non-posted speed limit of 48 Kmph (30 mph). Vehicle 1 (V 1), a 1985 Honda Accord sedan, driven by a 48 year-old female was stopped at the stop sign, waiting to turn left. Vehicle 2 (V 2), a Chevrolet C1500 large pickup, driven by a 35 year-old male was heading east towards the intersection up the hill. V 1 proceeded into the intersection and turned left, striking the front of V 2 with the left front corner. The driver of V 1 maintained that she was turning right, and that she never saw V 2 coming. She refused to complete the interview on-scene, and avoided subsequent attempts to interview her. On-scene, it was obvious that V 1 was turning left and that she failed to yield to V 2 as it was approaching. Due to parked cars on the side street and along the main roadway, vehicles approaching the intersection will not be seen by vehicles stopped at the stop sign. However, careful observation of the intersection for a couple of seconds would eliminate the possibility of cars coming from the left. The pre-event movement for V 1 coded stopped in traffic lane. The critical pre-crash event coded this vehicle traveling, turning left at intersection. The critical reason for the critical event assigned to this driver is driver related factor, "inadequate surveillance". (driver was looking in different direction) The pre-event movement for V 2 coded going straight. The critical pre-crash event coded other vehicle encroachment from crossing street turning into opposite direction. The critical reason for the critical event is not coded to this vehicle. Additional factor sun glare experienced approaching the intersection.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision, Roadway, Surveillance present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Roadway, Weather/Environment present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Stopped in traffic lane
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Turning left at intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From crossing street, turning into opposite direction

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Inadequate surveillance (e.g., failed to look, looked but did not see)
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
