Case Summary:
1    Case Summary V1, 1999 Ford Contour 4dr, was traveling west on a 3-lane interstate divided by a concrete median barrier (6 lanes total) in the third lane of travel. The bituminous roadway curved to the right, and at the time of the crash, was ice-covered. The crash occurred in the predawn hours of the morning and the roadway was not illuminated. V2, 2000 Ford Ranger pickup truck, was merging westbound onto the same roadway in lane 1. The driver of V2, a 51-year old female, lost control and began to rotate clockwise and then counterclockwise as she crossed the left lane line into lane 2. The driver of V1, a 20-year old female, saw V2 begin to lose control and began braking in response. As she braked, she too lost control. V1 rotated clockwise over the right lane line into lane 2. The left side of V1 was struck by the front left of V2 while both were spinning on the ice in lane 2. V1 was towed due to damage. The bumper of V2 was pulled away from the front left tire and V2 was driven from the scene. Neither driver was injured. Complete interviews and inspections were obtained for both vehicles. The Critical Precrash Event for the driver of V1 was when she lost control of her vehicle due to poor road conditions. The Critical Reason for the Critical Event was coded as "too fast for conditions to be able to respond to unexpected actions of other road users," a decision error. The icy condition of the roadway was coded as an associated factor. Even though V2 lost control first and the driver of V1 was simply reacting to V2 when she lost control, it was thought that had V1 maintained control of her vehicle she would not have entered the second lane of travel and the crash might not have occurred. In other words, had V1 been traveling at a slower speed, she might not have lost control when she braked and would have remained in her own lane (lane 3). Instead, V1 skidded into lane 2 where it was struck by V2. The driver of V1 had been traveling on this roadway for some time and was familiar with both her vehicle and the roadway. She knew that the roadway was ice-covered. Even though she claimed to be traveling at a speed well below the posted limit, it is likely that this was still too fast for the roadway, given its condition at the time. Possible under inflation of V1's tires were found during the inspection, otherwise, no other mechanical defects were detected. The driver was properly licensed for the vehicle and was not in a hurry and no drug or alcohol involvement was evident. Police did not consider either alcohol or illegal drugs to be involved and ordered no tests. No citations were issued to either driver. The Critical Precrash Event for the driver of V2 was also when she lost control of her vehicle due to poor road conditions. Although the Critical Reason was not coded to the driver of V2, she was believed to have contributed to the crash. It was believed that V2 was also traveling too fast for conditions. While she may not have been aware of the condition of the interstate because she was just entering it from the ramp when she lost control, she was still traveling too fast. It had snowed earlier in the day and some of that snow remained on the roads, packed down and now ice-covered. As with V1, the condition of the roadway was coded as an associated factor. There appeared to be no fatigue or emotional factors on the part of the driver of V2. The driver was both properly licensed for and familiar with the vehicle and the roadway. She reported that she was not in a hurry. She stated that she had prescription glasses to correct a hyperopic (farsighted) condition but was not wearing them at the time of the crash. She reported that she was taking no medications. Police did not consider either alcohol or illegal drugs to be involved and ordered no tests. No citations were issued to either driver. It should be noted that over 20 vehicles lost control on this same stretch of roadway in a 1-hour period and it was difficult to see the ice, as it was in intermittent patches.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Roadway, Speed/Distance present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Roadway, Speed/Distance present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Negotiating a curve
 2 ：Merging

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Veh. Control Loss Due To:- Poor road conditions (puddle,pot hole,ice,etc.) (specify) :
 2 ：This Veh. Control Loss Due To:- Poor road conditions (puddle,pot hole,ice,etc.) (specify) :

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Too fast to be able to respond to unexpected actions of others (specify) :
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
