Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two-vehicle crash occurred on a divided, straight, level trafficway. This roadway was under construction at the time of the crash. The westbound travel lanes consist of two through lanes. The speed limit for this roadway is 89 kmph (55 mph). It was dawn at the time of the crash with no adverse atmospheric conditions. Vehicle one (V1), a 1996 Honda Accord, was westbound in lane one. Vehicle two (V2), a 2008 Saturn Aura, was westbound in lane one in front of V1. The driver of V2 stopped to check on a disabled vehicle on the shoulder. The front of V1 struck the back of V2. V1 was towed due to damage. The driver of V1, a thirty-year-old female, was on her way home from work. She had worked a ten-hour shift and had been awake for fourteen hours. She was healthy and familiar with her vehicle. She travels this route daily. This driver stated that she applied the brakes (skidding longitudinally) when she realized that V2 had stopped. The driver of V2, a thirty-seven-year-old female, was not interviewed. No further information is available for this driver. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded as "other motor vehicle in lane; other vehicle stopped." The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded as " driver related factor; false assumption of other's actions." This driver's fatigue was an associated factor in this crash. The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded as "other motor vehicle in lane; traveling in same direction with higher speed." The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event for V2 was "not coded to this vehicle."
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision, Driver Fatigue, Surveillance, Traffic present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Decision, Traffic present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Stopped in traffic lane

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Other vehicle stopped
 2 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Traveling in same direction with higher speed

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- False assumption of other's actions
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
