Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two-vehicle crash occurred on a one-way, four-lane, straight roadway. This roadway has a 6.5% uphill grade. The speed limit on this roadway is 56 kmph (35 mph). This crash occurred during daylight hours with no adverse atmospheric conditions. Vehicle one (V1), a 1998 Gillig bus, in use as a metro transit bus, was stopped westbound in lane one, loading passengers. Vehicle two (V2), a 1995 Dodge Intrepid was westbound in lane one. The front of V1 struck the back of V2. V2 was towed due to damage. The driver of V1, a fifty-year-old male, was traveling from one bus stop to the next on his normal route. He was healthy, well rested and familiar with his vehicle. He drives this route daily. At the time of the crash, this driver was paying attention to the incoming passengers and the fare machine. The driver of V2, a twenty-four-year-old male, was traveling from his home to work. He was well rested, healthy and comfortable with his vehicle. He drives this route daily. This driver stated that he was late for work and was looking to the left at the time of the crash because he was trying to move into lane two. He made no avoidance maneuvers. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded as "other motor vehicle in lane; traveling in same direction with higher speed." The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event for V1 was "not coded to this vehicle." The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded as "other motor vehicle in lane; other vehicle stopped." The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded as "driver related factor; external distraction."
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Distraction, Driver Physical present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Decision, Distraction, Driver Performance, Driver Stress/Emotion, Drugs, Speed/Distance, Surveillance, Vehicle present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Traveling in same direction with higher speed
 2 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Other vehicle stopped

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
 2 ：Driver Related Factor- External distraction
