Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two-vehicle crash occurred in the middle of a two-way, two-lane, roadway. The crash took place in the evening hours of a weekday and there were no streetlights illuminating the road. No adverse atmospheric conditions were present and the roadway was dry at the time of the collision. The grade for both vehicles was determined to be level. The posted speed limit for the roadway was 64kph (40mph). V1, a 2002 Toyota Highlander, was traveling east on the roadway approaching his driveway. V2, a 2006 Toyota Scion, was traveling west on the roadway intending to continue straight. As the driver of V2 maneuvered his vehicle into position to back into his driveway his right front collided with the front left of V2. The impact caused V1 to rotate counter-clockwise approximately 90 degrees before coming to final rest. V2 continued in a forward motion shortly before coming to final rest. Both vehicles had to be removed from the scene due to damage. The driver of V1, an older male, was not injured as a result of the crash. There were no other occupants present in the vehicle when the crash occurred. A partial interview was obtained from the driver while on-scene. The interview revealed that the driver crossed over the double yellow line, in order to position his vehicle so that he could back into his driveway. The Critical Precrash Event for this vehicle was coded this vehicle traveling over the left lane line. The Critical Reason for the Critical Precrash Event was coded as inadequate surveillance (failed to look enough ahead). The associated factor for this crash was the inadequate surveillance, failure to look far enough ahead before beginning his movements into the driveway. The driver of V2 could not be contacted for an interview. It is unknown if any injuries were sustained by this driver. No Police Accident Report could be obtained from the station that had jurisdiction over this crash. Therefore, most of the information could not be coded. One possible factor that the researcher suspected was that of the other vehicle's color. The other vehicle was black, and it was dark with no streetlights of any kind. Further, since the other vehicle was positioned in a way where the headlights were not facing this driver, it may have been difficult to see. The Critical Precrash Event coded to this vehicle was: other vehicle encroachment over left lane line. The reason for the Critical Precrash Event was not coded to this vehicle. There are no known associated factors coded to this vehicle and the driver was not thought to have contributed to the crash.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Surveillance present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Negotiating a curve

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Over the lane line on left side of travel lane
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From opposite direction - over left lane line

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Inadequate surveillance (e.g., failed to look, looked but did not see)
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
