Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two-vehicle crash occurred at a four-legged intersection on an east/west trafficway that is divided by a curbed median. Both approach roadways are straight. The westbound lanes have a downhill grade and consist of three through lanes and a left turn lane. The eastbound lanes are level and consist of three through lanes, a right turn lane and a left turn lane. The speed limit for this roadway is 72 kmph (45 mph). This crash occurred during daylight hours with no adverse atmospheric conditions. Vehicle one (V1), a 1999 Oldsmobile Intrigue, was westbound in lane four. Vehicle two (V2), a 2003 Dodge Caravan, was eastbound in lane two. V1 turned left in the intersection and the front struck the left side of V2. Both vehicles were towed due to damage. The driver of V1, a sixty-five-year-old female, was on her way from her home to a bank. She was well rested and familiar with her vehicle. This driver has high blood pressure, diabetes and arthritis and takes Lantus, Celexa, Metformin, Enalapril, Mevacor and estrogen. She travels this route daily. This driver stated that she was looking left at her turn destination and did not see V2 prior to the crash. The driver of V2, a fifty-one-year-old male, was traveling from a store to a hospital. He was healthy, well rested and familiar with his vehicle. He travels this route daily. This driver stated that he saw V1 in the intersection and applied the brakes and steered to the right in an attempt to avoid the crash. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded as "this vehicle traveling; turning left at intersection." The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded as "driver related factor; inadequate surveillance (e.g. failed to look, looked but did not see)." The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded as "other vehicle encroachment; from opposite direction - over left lane line." The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event for V2 was "not coded to this vehicle."
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Drugs, Surveillance present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Accelerating in traffic lane
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Turning left at intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From opposite direction - over left lane line

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Inadequate surveillance (e.g., failed to look, looked but did not see)
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
