Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two-vehicle crash occurred in the early evening hours on a northbound five-lane divided expressway during heavily congested traffic. The roadway at the crash was straight, level, concrete, had no visible deficiencies, and the weather was clear and dry. The speed limit on the roadway was 72 kmph (45 mph). The southbound roadway was not involved in this crash. Vehicle one (V1), a 1997 Ford Explorer four-door utility vehicle carrying five occupants, was traveling northbound in lane five of the expressway. Vehicle two (V2), a 1999 Isuzu Trooper four-door utility vehicle carrying one occupant, was traveling northbound in lane four of the expressway. According to a witness account traffic was congested and the vehicles were moving approximately 64 kmph (40 mph). V1 swerved to the right and the front of V1 struck the left side of V2. The vehicles side slapped and the right side of V1 struck the left side of V2. V1 swerved back to the left and impacted and mounted the concrete median barrier where the vehicle rolled one-quarter turn to the right, coming to rest in lane five facing north still on its right side. V2 came to final rest slightly ahead of V1 and pointing in a northwest direction. The driver of V1 was transported to a local hospital with an incapacitating injury. All other occupants of V1 were transported due to non-incapacitating injuries. Both vehicles were towed due to significant damages. The driver of V1 was an 18 year-old female. The driver could not be contacted for an interview. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded as this vehicle traveling, over the lane line on the right side of the travel lane. The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event was coded as driver related factor, type of driver error unknown. The driver of V2 was a 41 year-old male. The driver refused to be interviewed. The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded as other vehicle encroachment, from adjacent lane (same direction) - over the left lane line. The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event was not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Drugs, Traffic present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Traffic present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Over the lane line on right side of travel lane
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From adjacent lane (same direction) - over left lane line

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Type of driver error unknown
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
