Case Summary:
1    Case Summary The crash occurred on an east/west urban barrier divided interstate. The area was designed as one large interchange with two exit ramps and three entrance ramps connected by a frontage road. The interstate had four lanes in each direction with shoulders as it approached an overpass. Where the incident took place the road was straight and level, depressed rumble strips were on the right shoulders. Conditions were daylight and dry on a weekend afternoon with a posted speed limit of 89kmph (55mph). Vehicle #1 was a 2003 Dodge Dakota traveling westbound in the right lane. The driver fell asleep and departed the right side of the road. The vehicle traveled 84m off the road before striking two separate 90cm diameter concrete bridge pillars. It struck the first one with its left back and then another one which was 7m west with its front. The pickup came to rest facing southwest with its front against the pillar. It was towed due to damage. Vehicle #1 was driven by an 81-year-old male that was belted with no deployed airbags. He was treated by EMS at the scene but refused transport. In his statement to NASS researcher he denied falling asleep, but he told first responders that he had fallen asleep at the wheel. He was 15 minutes into a 50-minute trip, was familiar with the area and not taking any medications. The driver stated he had slept 6.5 hours the night before, which was longer than the 6 hours sleep he normally averages. A witness reported that he gradually drifted off the road. The Critical Precrash Event for Vehicle #1 was this vehicle traveling off the edge of the road on the right side. The Critical Reason for the Critical Event was a critical non-performance error, sleeping. Fatigue was the only associated factor coded.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Driver Fatigue present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Off the edge of the road on the right side

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Sleeping, that is, actually asleep
