Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This crash occurred in a residential neighborhood on a straight two-lane, two-way road that had no painted dividers or physical dividers. The road ran east/west with a grade negative 5.1% at impact (if westbound). The road was bordered on the north by a sidewalk and several private driveways. The speed limit was 48 kmph (30 mph). The crash occurred in the early evening under daylight and dry conditions. V1, a 1990 Ford Tempo with two occupants, was westbound on the road when it departed the left roadside and struck V2, a 1995 Chevrolet Tahoe (struck in the front) that was parked on the sidewalk in front of a house. V2 was not a case vehicle as it was not in transport. V1 came to rest at impact facing west and was towed from the scene. The driver of V1, a 44 year-old belted male, was listed as sustaining minor injuries in the crash. He was transported from the scene via EMS but this was more due to the fact that the driver had had a seizure, which caused the loss of control. The driver was taking his stepson to work (he was transported with possible injuries also) and did not remember much about the events leading to the crash other than smoking a cigarette at the time of the crash. The Critical Precrash Event for V1 was coded this vehicle traveling, off the edge of the road on the left side. The Critical Reason was a driver related physical impairment of the ability to act (seizure). Associated factors include a decision error, as he knows he seizes regularly and still chose to drive the vehicle as well as an internal distraction (smoking a cigarette).
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision, Distraction, Driver Physical, Drugs present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Off the edge of the road on the left side

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Heart attack or other physical impairment of the ability to act
