Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This single vehicle crash occurred on a two-lane undivided straight roadway. The roadway was a neighborhood street with speed bumps. There were several warning signs on the roadway and in front of the speed bumps. The weather was clear and the roads dry. The posted speed limit for the roadway was 32 kph (20 mph). Vehicle one, a 2002 Ford Econoline Van was southbound in the first lane. Vehicle one went over a speed bump causing vehicle one to move to the left. In an attempt to stabilize the vehicle, the driver made a steering movement to the right and departed the roadway. The vehicles' right front wheel impacted the northern curb of a private driveway. Vehicle one continued across the driveway where the right rear wheel impacted the curb as well. The vehicle drove over the front lawn of the residence located at this part of the roadway and impacted a heavy non-fixed mailbox with its front. The front of vehicle one then impacted a traffic sign with its front plane. The right front wheel then impacted the north curb of the driveway. Vehicle one came to rest about 20 meters south of the private driveway. Vehicle one was towed due to damage. The driver of vehicle one, a forty-two year old female was coming from home heading to work at the time of the crash. This driver had been driving for about thirty minutes at the time of the crash. This driver was taking Celexa as a medication. This driver states that this medication makes her sleepy. The driver stated that there was something in the road and she tried to avoid hitting the unknown object and then lost control. This driver drives this vehicle daily and over this road on a daily basis. It appears that this driver was not paying attention and did not identify the speed bump. The critical pre-crash event was coded as "this vehicle traveling: off the edge of the road to the right". The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event was coded as "driver related factor: poor directional control".
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Distraction, Driver Performance, Drugs, Surveillance present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Off the edge of the road on the right side

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Poor directional control (e.g., failing to control vehicle with skill ordinarily expected)
