Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This crash occurred in the southbound lanes of a two-way, ten-lane interstate roadway, which was physically divided by a concrete traffic barrier. There were five southbound lanes, with a posted speed of 105 kmph (65 mph). The roadway was bituminous, straight, and level. Conditions were daylight on a weekday afternoon with wet roads and rain. Traffic flow was normal. V1, a 1997 Isuzu Rodeo with one occupant, was southbound in lane four. V2, a 1997 Honda Civic with one occupant, was also southbound in lane five (HOV lane) slightly behind V1. V1 attempted to change lanes into lane five, in front of V2. Consequently, the front right of V2 made contact with the back left of V1. V2 was towed due to damage. The driver of V1, a 46-year old male, was not injured. He could not be located for interview. However, the driver stated to police that he was driving in lane four, when the driver of V2 veered into his lane, hitting him from behind. However, physical evidence on the scene in the form of tire skids from V2 suggested that the driver of V1 did change lanes in front of V2. The Critical Precrash Event for V1 was coded this vehicle traveling, over the lane line on the left side of travel lane. The Critical Reason for the Critical Event was an unknown driver type error. The only known associated factors for V1 were the rain and wet roads. The driver of V2, a 20-year old male, was not injured. He stated that he was on his way to visit his mother. He said that he was traveling at a reduced speed due to inclement weather, when suddenly the driver of V1 changed lanes in front of him. He tried to brake and downshift the transmission in an attempt to avoid V1, but could not. Physical evidence at the scene supported the driver's statement. The Critical Precrash Event for V2 was coded other motor vehicle encroachment, from adjacent lane (same direction) over the left lane line. The Critical Reason for the Critical Event was not coded to this vehicle. As with V1, the presence of rain and wet roads were coded as associated factors.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Roadway, Weather/Environment present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Roadway, Weather/Environment present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Over the lane line on left side of travel lane
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From adjacent lane (same direction) - over left lane line

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Type of driver error unknown
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
