Case Summary:
1    Case Summary The crash involving two vehicles occurred at 1625 hours at the intersection of a two-way, four lane, undivided roadway and a two-way, two lane, undivided roadway. Both roads were dry, traveled asphalt. V 2 had a +3.3% grade. The posted speed limit is 56 kmph (35 mph). Traffic was light at the time of the accident. There were no adverse weather conditions. Traffic flow controlled by traffic signal. V 1 a 1986 Mercedes-Benz 560SL driven by a 38 year-old female was stopped southbound in the second travel lane. V 2 a 2006 Nissan Altima driven by a 54 year-old male was northbound in the first travel lane. V 1 attempted a left turn without the right of way and was struck on the right side by the front of V 2. V 1 rotated counterclockwise and came to rest facing south in the intersection. V 2 rotated slightly clockwise and came to rest facing north in the intersection. Both vehicles were towed from the scene, there were no reported injuries. The pre-event movement for V 1 coded stopped in traffic lane, category this vehicle traveling turning left at intersection. The critical reason driver related factor "other decision error" (proceeded with view obstructed). The pre-event movement for V 2 coded going straight, category other vehicle encroachment from opposite direction over left lane line. Critical reason not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision, Drugs, Roadway, Surveillance present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Decision, Drugs, Roadway, Surveillance present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Stopped in traffic lane
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Turning left at intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From opposite direction - over left lane line

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Other decision error (specify) :
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
