Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two-vehicle crash occurred in a four-legged intersection. Both roadways are undivided, two-lane and have speed limits of 40 kmph (25 mph). The southbound approach is straight, has an eight percent uphill grade and is controlled by a stop sign. The eastbound approach has a ten percent downhill grade and curves to the left (the radius of curvature is 563 meters and the superelevation is two percent). This crash occurred during daylight hours with no adverse atmospheric conditions. Vehicle one (V1), a 1999 Olds Alero, was southbound in lane one. Vehicle two (V2), a 1999 Chevrolet G3500 van-based fifteen-passenger bus, was eastbound in lane one. V1 turned right at the intersection and the front struck the left side of V2. V1 was towed due to damage. The driver of V1, a thirty-four-year-old female, was on her way to a store from her home. She was healthy, well rested and familiar with her vehicle. She travels this route daily. This driver stated that she did not see V2 prior to the crash. A witness and the driver of V2 stated that V1 did not stop at the stop sign and that the driver did not look to the right before entering the intersection. The driver of V2, a fifty-five-year-old male, was on his way back to a church from a gas station. He was well rested, healthy and familiar with his vehicle. He travels this route two-to-three times each week. This driver stated that he saw V1 prior to the crash but did not realize that it was entering his lane. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded as "this vehicle traveling; over the lane line on left side of travel lane." The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded as "driver related factor; inadequate surveillance (e.g. failed to look, looked but did not see)." The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded as "other vehicle encroachment; from crossing street, turning into opposite direction." The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event for V2 was "not coded to this vehicle."
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision, Drugs, Surveillance present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Decision present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Negotiating a curve

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Over the lane line on left side of travel lane
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From crossing street, turning into opposite direction

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Inadequate surveillance (e.g., failed to look, looked but did not see)
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
