Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two-vehicle crash occurred shortly before noon on a dry, downhill, ten-lane, bituminous, dry roadway that runs east to west and has a posted speed limit of 80 kmph (50 mph). This roadway intersects with a eight-lane, level, straight, bituminous roadway that runs north to south and has a posted speed limit of 72 kmph (45 mph). This intersection is controlled by a traffic control device (on colors) with no pedestrian signals. There were no adverse atmospheric conditions present at the time of the daytime crash. Vehicle one (V1), a 2004 Chevrolet Trailblazer driven by a 34 year-old female with one passenger, was traveling eastbound in lane three. Vehicle two (V2), a 2004 Chrysler PT Cruiser driven by a 64 year-old female, was passing through the intersection traveling northbound in lane one. As V1 entered the intersection the front of V2 struck the right side of V1. Post-impact, V1 rotated clockwise and began to roll towards its left upon its longitudinal axis. V1 rolled three quarter turns coming to rest on its right side facing west. V2 rotated clockwise and came to rest facing north. Both vehicles were towed form the scene, both drivers and the passenger of V1 were transported to a local medical facility. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: this vehicle traveling, crossing over (passing through) intersection. The critical reason for the critical event was attributed to V1 as a driver related factor: internal distraction. The driver's son was ill at the time and she was taking him to the doctor at the time of the crash. She thought he was choking and when she turned around to attend to him she entered the intersection while the traffic control device was red. The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded:other vehicle encroachment; from crossing street, across path. The critical reason was not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision, Distraction, Driver Stress/Emotion, Surveillance present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Drugs present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Stopped in traffic lane

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Crossing over (passing through) intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From crossing street, across path

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Internal distraction
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
