Case Summary:
1    Case Summary V1, a 1999 Chevrolet Lumina, was traveling northbound on a five-lane, two-way, dry, asphalt roadway with a level slope in daylight conditions. V1 was in lane three and was attempting to make a left-hand turn. V2, a 2003 Pontiac Vibe, was traveling southbound on the same roadway. V2 was in lane two intending to go straight. The traffic signal turned yellow and the driver of V1 assumed that V2 was going to stop and the driver of V2 assumed that V1 would stop. The front of V2 contacted the right side of V1 and came to final rest in the intersection. The driver of V1 was a 53-year old male who reported that he had been traveling between 2 and 17kmph (1-10 mph) prior to the crash. He had a history of muscular disease but does not take medication for the condition. He was rested and traveling to a family member's home. He was wearing his prescribed lenses that corrected a Myopic (near-sighted) condition. He did not sustain any injuries in the crash. The Critical Pre-crash Event for V1 was coded as this vehicle traveling turning left at intersection. The Critical Reason for the Critical Precrash Event was coded as a decision error - false assumption of other road user's actions, because the light was turning yellow and he assumed the other driver would stop. The driver of V2 was a 32-year old female who reported that she had been traveling 50-64kmph (31-40mph) prior to the crash. She had no health related problems and had taken no medication prior to the crash. She was rested and traveling home. She does not wear corrective lenses and sustained minor in juries in the crash. The Critical Pre-crash Event for V2 was coded as this other vehicle traveling encroaching into their lane, from opposite direction over left lane line. The Critical Reason for the Critical Precrash Event was not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Decision present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Starting in traffic lane
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Turning left at intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From opposite direction - over left lane line

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- False assumption of other's actions
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
