Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two vehicle collision occurred early evening. The collision occurred on southbound travel lanes of a divided roadway with two lanes of travel in each direction. There were no lane delineation lines ; however, the roadway is customarily used as having two lanes in each direction. The pre-crash roadway for both vehicles is a 3% negative grade of traveled bituminous paving, with no traffic controls for southbound travel. The roadway has a posted speed limit of 56 kmph (35 mph). Vehicle one (V1), a 1995 Dodge Caravan SE, driven by a 22 year-old male was traveling southbound on the roadway close to the right curb in the number one lane. Vehicle two (V2), a 2000 Subaru Outback wagon, driven by a 20 year-old male turned left onto the southbound roadway from a side street. V2 was in the number two lane and turned on his right turn signal to turn onto a westbound side street and began to move to the right. V1 was in the right lane attempting to pass V2 on the right. The left side of V1 collided with the right front fender of V2. V1 then deflected to the right and drove into a non-breakaway pole, coming to rest. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: other vehicle encroachment; from adjacent lane (same direction) - over left lane line The critical reason for the critical event was not coded to V1. The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded: this vehicle traveling, over lane line on right side of travel lane. The critical reason for the critical event was coded to V2 as a driver related factor: false assumption of other's actions This driver made a false assumption that V1 would yield him the right of way to make a right turn at the intersection and not attempt to pass his vehicle on the right side. This driver also attempted to turn right from the wrong travel lane. Missing lane delineation was an associative factor for both driver's.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision, Drugs, Roadway present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Decision, Distraction, Driver Stress/Emotion, Roadway present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Decelerating in traffic lane

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From adjacent lane (same direction) - over left lane line
 2 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Over the lane line on right side of travel lane

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
 2 ：Driver Related Factor- False assumption of other's actions
