Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This crash occurred early evening involving two SUV's at an intersection controlled by traffic lights. The speed limit for the roadway is 56 kmph (35 mph) for the southbound lanes. It is 48 kmph (30 mph) for the eastbound lanes. The southbound road is 3-lane one-way traffic asphalt. The eastbound is a 5-lane undivided asphalt roadway. The road surface was dry and there were no detrimental atmospheric conditions at the time of the crash. Vehicle one (V1), a 1998 Chevrolet Suburban, was traveling east in the first lane, approaching the intersection of both roadways. Vehicle two (V2), a 1998 Chevrolet Tahoe, was traveling south in the third lane approaching the intersection. The front of V1 impacted the left side of V2. V2 rotated clockwise and came to rest within the intersection. V1 rotated counter clockwise after the impact and came to rest within the intersection. V1 was driven by a 41 year-old female, for which no interview was obtained. V2 was driven by a 24 year-old female. She was coming from picking up her boyfriend at work and on their way to cash a check at a convenience store. They had driven about 6 kilometers (4 miles) when the crash occurred. This driver was, well rested, drives the road daily, paying attention to the driving task and was not in a hurry. She had stopped for more than 10 seconds before proceeding into the intersection on a green light when V1 encroached from their left and impacted their vehicle.. The critical pre-crash event of V1 was coded: this vehicle traveling, crossing over (passing through) intersection. The critical reason was coded to V1 as driver related factor: illegal maneuver. There are other possible factors for this driver that remain unknown with out further information. The critical pre crash event for V2 was coded: other vehicle encroachment; from crossing street, across path. The critical reason was not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Decision, Driver Fatigue, Driver Physical, Drugs present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Crossing over (passing through) intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From crossing street, across path

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Illegal maneuver
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
