Case Summary:
1    Case Summary The crash occurred in the eastbound lane of a two-lane two-way roadway. This was a straight, level, bituminous roadway with a posted speed of 72 kmph (45 mph). It was early afternoon on a weekday it was raining and the road was wet. V1, a 2001 Buick Century was traveling eastbound in lane one. V1 was approaching the intersection intending to go straight. V1, had a stop sign. V2, a 2001 GMC Sierra was traveling northbound in lane one. V2 was also approaching the intersection. V3 was traveling southbound on the same roadway as V2, also approaching the intersection. V2 and V3 had a blinking yellow light. The driver of V1 stated that she had only been driving a week and thought that the intersection was a four-way stop. She stated that she stopped at the stop sign and then proceeded to go. The front of V1 contacted the front of V2. V1then continued east through the intersection and came to final rest off the south side of the roadway. V2 contacted its front to the left side of V3. V2 and V3 then departed the roadway on the west side before coming to final rest in the ditch. The driver of V1 was a 16-year old female who reported that she had been traveling between 50-64kmph (31-40mph) prior to the crash. She had no health related problems and had taken no medication prior to the crash. She was rested and traveling home. She was uninjured in the crash and refused treatment. The Critical Precrash Event for the driver of V1 was this vehicle traveling: crossing over passing through intersection. The Critical Reason for the Critical Precrash Event was a driver related factor: false assumption of other road user's action. There was a stop sign on both sides of the road that said crossing traffic does not stop, but she did not see that and thought it was a four-way stop. The driver of V2 was a 54-year old male who reported that he had been traveling between 67-80kmph (41-50mph) prior to the crash. He had no health related problems and had taken no medication prior to the crash. He was rested and traveling to the store. He was uninjured in the crash and refused treatment. The Critical Precrash Event for the driver of V2 was other vehicle encroachment from crossing street across path. The Critical Reason for the Critical Precrash Event was not coded to the driver of V2 and he was not thought to have contributed to the crash. He took appropriate avoidance measures. The driver of V3 was a 58-year old male who reported that he had been traveling between 50-64kmph (31-40mph) prior to the crash. He had a history of a stint and had taken medication for it. This was not thought to have contributed to the crash. He was rested and traveling home from work. He was uninjured in the crash and refused treatment. No Critical Precrash Event or Critical Reason for the Critical Precrash Event was coded to the driver of V3 because he was not involved in first harmful event. Some associated factors in the crash were the driver of V1's lack of experience and unfamiliarity with the roadway.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision, Driver Inexperience, Roadway, Weather/Environment present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Decision, Roadway, Weather/Environment present problem 
Vehicle 3:  Drugs, Roadway, Weather/Environment present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Stopped in traffic lane
 2 ：Going straight
 3 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Crossing over (passing through) intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From crossing street, across path
 3 ：Other- Not involved first harmful event

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- False assumption of other's actions
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
 3 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
