Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This crash occurred in the early evening, daylight hours of a weekend at an intersection that where an exit ramp connects to a two-lane roadway. The one-way exit ramp dry, bituminous, and straight with an uphill grade greater than 2%. At the top of the ramp, the roadway split and a stop sign at the intersection control traffic intending to turn left. The two-lane undivided roadway was straight, dry and level with no traffic control devices and a posted speed limit of 56kmph (35mph). V1, a 2001 Ford Mustang, was northbound on the ramp and came to a stop at the sign intending to turn left at the intersection. V2, a 2005 Hyundai Elantra, was westbound and crashed into the left side of V1 as it entered the intersection. V1 was driven by an 18 year-old female who was transported to a local treatment facility with minor injuries. She was unable to be located for an interview despite numerous attempts to contact her. The police reported V1 traveling at 8kmph (5mph). V1 was towed due to damage. The Critical Precrash Event for V1 was coded as this vehicle traveling, turning left at the intersection. The Critical Reason for the Critical Precrash Event was coded as an unknown driver error since it is unclear why she entered the intersection. The only known associated factor was a sightline restriction as some shrubbery was obscuring her view of oncoming traffic. V2 was driven by a 44 year-old female who suffered minor injuries but refused transport. She was unable to be located for an interview given despite numerous attempts to contact her. The police reported V2 traveling at 56kmph (35 mph). V2 was towed due to damage. The Critical Precrash Event for V2 was coded as other vehicle encroachment from crossing street, turning into opposite direction. The Critical Reason was not coded to this vehicle. The only known associated factor was a sightline restriction as some shrubbery was obscuring her view of oncoming traffic.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Driver Inexperience, Roadway present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Roadway present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Stopped in traffic lane
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Turning left at intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From crossing street, turning into opposite direction

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Type of driver error unknown
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
