Case Summary:
1    Case Summary The accident occurred at 1945 hours at the intersection of a two-way, three lane (six overall), divided roadway without a positive barrier and a one way, two lane roadway. Both roads were unlighted, dry, traveled, level concrete. Involved were one passenger car and a pick-up truck. The posted speed limit is 56 kmph (35 mph). There were no adverse weather conditions. V 1 a 1998 Honda Civic driven by a 28 year-old male was turning left from the third northbound travel lane to the westbound roadway. V 2 a 2004 Ford F-150 pick-up truck driven by a 53 year-old male with one passenger was approaching the intersection southbound in the third travel lane. V 1 entered the intersection without the right of way and was struck on the right front by the front of V 2. V 1 rotated counterclockwise and came to rest in the roadway facing west. V 2's path of travel was redirected to the to the southwest and came to rest partially off the right side roadway facing south. Both vehicles were towed from the scene, no reported injuries. The pre-event movement for V 1 is turning left, category this vehicle traveling turning left at intersection, critical reason driver related factor "inadequate surveillance". The pre- event movement for V 2 is going straight category "other vehicle encroachment from opposite direction over left lane line. The critical reason not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Alcohol, Decision, Driver Inexperience, Surveillance present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Distraction, Surveillance present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Turning left
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Turning left at intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From opposite direction - over left lane line

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Inadequate surveillance (e.g., failed to look, looked but did not see)
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
