Case Summary:
1    Case Summary A two-vehicle collision occurred at 1048 hours in the morning on a Monday in May. The roadway was dry and free of defects. The speed limit for the roadway is 35 mph (56 kph). V1, a 2001 Toyota Tacoma, was stopped facing southbound in the third lane of a three-lane, two-way, divided, asphalt roadway without a positive barrier. V2, a 2000 Ford Escort, was traveling northbound in the second lane of a three-lane, two-way, divided, asphalt roadway without a positive barrier. There were no traffic controls for either vehicle at this intersection. The driver of V1 attempted to make a left turn across the path of V2. As V1 crossed the second northbound lane, the front of V2 struck the right rear of V1. V1 rotated clockwise approximately 90 degrees and came to rest in the intersection. V2 rotated clockwise approximately 20 degrees and came to rest in the intersection. V1 and V2 were towed from the scene due to damage sustained in the collision. The 46-year-old male driver of V1 was well rested but unfamiliar with area. The driver indicated that there was a large SUV in the third northbound lane waiting to turn left that obstructed his view of V2. He took no evasive action prior to impact as he made his left turn. The 17-year-old male driver of V2 was well rested and familiar with area. The driver stated that there was a black SUV in the third lane obstructing his view of V1. He applied his brakes to avoid the collision, but was unable to stop prior to impact. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was: this vehicle traveling/ turning left at intersection. The critical pre-crash event for V2 was: other vehicle encroachment/ from opposite direction- over left lane line.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision, Drugs, Roadway, Surveillance present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Roadway, Surveillance present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Stopped in traffic lane
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Turning left at intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From opposite direction - over left lane line

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Inadequate surveillance (e.g., failed to look, looked but did not see)
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
