Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This crash occurred just before noon involving two passenger cars at an intersection. The speed limit for the roadways are: 56 kmph (35 mph) for the northbound lanes and 48 kmph (30 mph) for the westbound lanes. The north/south road is a 4-lane median-divided asphalt roadway with two lanes in each direction and no traffic controls. The east/west road is a two-lane, two-way, asphalt roadway with stop signs posted for traffic controls. The road surface was dry and there were no detrimental atmospheric conditions at the time of the crash. Vehicle one (V 1) was a 1995 Geo Prizm driven by a 17 year-old male with one passenger. They were listening to the radio and traveling west in the first lane. Vehicle two (V 2) was a 2000 Honda Accord driven by a 48 year-old male. He was traveling south in the first lane of traffic approaching the intersection of both roadways. At the intersection of both roadways, the front of V 1 impacted the left side of V 2. V 2 rotated counter clockwise departed the roadway to the left, and entered a grass median. It came to on the median, facing southwest. V 1 rotated counter clockwise after the impact, and came to rest within the intersection, facing northeast. Both vehicles were towed due to damage. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: this vehicle traveling, crossing over (passing through) intersection. The critical reason was coded to V1 as a driver related recognition factor: inadequate surveillance (e.g. failed to look, looked but did not see. The driver of V1 admitted at the scene he did precede through the intersection without sufficient clearance. He said he saw a vehicle further down the road but as he looked straight into his driving direction, he overlooked V 2, which was closer to the intersection than the vehicle he saw. The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded: other vehicle encroachment: from crossing street, across path. The critical reason not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision, Distraction, Driver Inexperience, Surveillance present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Drugs present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Stopped in traffic lane
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Crossing over (passing through) intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From crossing street, across path

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Inadequate surveillance (e.g., failed to look, looked but did not see)
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
