Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This crash occurred just before midnight involving two passenger cars at an intersection with traffic lights. The speed limit for the roadway is 64 kmph (40 mph). The road is a 4-lane divided (no positive barrier) asphalt roadway for both vehicles. The road surface was dry and there were no detrimental atmospheric conditions at the time of the crash. The intersection was illuminated at night. V 1, a 2003 Chrysler PT cruiser driven by a 18 year-old female was traveling south in the third lane. V 2 a 1983 Oldsmobile Cutlass Cierra driven by a 41 year-old male was traveling north attempting a left turn from the fourth lane of traffic at the intersection the front of V 2 impacted with the left side of V 1. V 2 rotated counter clockwise and moved further south. It came to rest within the intersection facing southeast. V 1 rotated counter clockwise after the impact, and came to rest within the intersection, facing west. V 1 was towed from the scene. The driver was transported to a local medical facility treated and released. V 2 was driven from the scene. The pre-event movement for V 1 was coded going straight . The critical pre crash category was coded this vehicle traveling, crossing over passing through an intersection . The critical reason for V 1 was coded "Illegal maneuver" . The driver was not interviewed, but the driver of V 2 had definitive a protected left turn arrow at the time of the crash. The driver of V 1 was issued a summons for running the red light, no drivers license or proof of insurance. The pre-crash movement for V 2 was coded turning left . The critical pre crash category other vehicle encroachment, from opposite direction-over right lane line. At the time of the crash this vehicle had a protected left turn arrow at the intersection. No critical reason for the critical event was coded to this vehicle
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Turning left

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Crossing over (passing through) intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From opposite direction - over right lane line

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Illegal maneuver
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
