Case Summary:
1    Case Summary The crash occurred in the southbound lanes of a high-volume, high-speed interstate highway. There were five lanes running southbound with emergency paved shoulders and concrete barrier walls on the right and left side of the roadway. The posted speed was 105 kph (65 moh) and the roadway was straight and level. The conditions were wet and rainy and it was a weekend afternoon. Vehicle 1 was a 2001 Nissan Altima that was driven by an 18-year-old male who was traveling the speed limit in lane two. He was on his way home from a baseball game that had been rained out. He stated in his interview that he was trying to change lanes to the left, into lane three. He said as he tried to change lanes his vehicle started to lose control and start to fishtail. He said he tried to apply the brakes and it just made the vehicle lose control across three lanes of traffic till he made contact with the left side concrete barrier wall. He also stated in the interview that the roadway was slick and the lanes were uneven. This was due to recent re-paving of all lanes. The lane he was traveling in was concrete and had not been re-paved. The Critical Pre-crash Event was this vehicle traveling off the roadway to the left. The Critical Reason was a driver decision, traveling too fast for conditions, as it was rainy and the roads were slick. The driver was also an inexperienced driver as he was only 18 and had only had his license for 1 year. Another associative factor was the roadway was in the process of being re-paved and was uneven. He was not injured and his vehicle was towed due to damages.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Driver Inexperience, Roadway, Speed/Distance, Weather/Environment present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Changing lanes

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Off the edge of the road on the left side

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Too fast for conditions (specify) :
