Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This crash occurred at 2240 hours involving two passenger cars at an intersection without traffic lights. The east,west roadway was controlled by stop signs. The speed limit for the E/W roadway is 48 kmph (30 mph). The N/S roadway speed limit 56 kmph (35 mph).The road surface dry concrete, no adverse weather. V 1 a 1994 Saturn SC 2 coupe driven by a 44 year-old female was traveling east in the first lane, attempting to cross through the intersection of both roadways. V 2, a 1990 Buick LeSabre driven by a 57 year-old male with one passenger was traveling north in the first lane. The front of V 1 impacted the left side of V 2. V 2 rotated clockwise and drove off the roadway to its right. V 1 rotated counter clockwise after the impact, and came to rest within the intersection, facing west. V 2 drove off the roadway to its right and impacted a traffic sign with its front. The traffic sign was bent and V 2 continued to drive over the traffic sign and drove onto a parking lot. V 2 came to rest within the parking lot. The driver of V 1 was transported to a local medical facility treated and released. V 1 was towed from the scene. V 2 was driven from the scene. The pre-crash movement for V 1 was coded going straight . The critical pre crash category, this vehicle traveling crossing over passing through an intersection . The critical reason driver related factor "illegal maneuver". This vehicle had a stop sign at the intersection. The driver said she thought she had a clear intersection, and did not see the vehicle coming from the right until she was hit. She also admitted she had been drinking and not able to remember too much about the details of the crash, the driver was issued a summons for no drivers license and no insurance. The pre-event movement for V 2 going straight . The critical category coded other vehicle encroachment from crossing street across path . No critical reason for the critical event was coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Alcohol, Decision, Surveillance present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Crossing over (passing through) intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From crossing street, across path

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Illegal maneuver
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
