Case Summary:
1    Case Summary Case Note: Both drivers are bus drivers for the municipality where the crash occurred. At the time both drivers were on their way to work for the afternoon shift (school dismissal) in their personal vehicles. The drivers' supervisor responded to the scene and advised both of his employees not to speak with the researchers. The crash occurred in the westbound lane of a five-lane intersection with a traffic control signal. Conditions were daylight and dry in the afternoon on a weekday. Both roads had a posted speed limit of 64 kmph (40 MPH). V1 was a 1998 Pontiac Bonneville sedan traveling southbound in the right lane intending on going straight. V2, a 2004 Dodge Durango SUV, was traveling westbound in the right lane intending on continuing straight when an unknown vehicle supposedly cut in front of V2, which made V2 run the red light. The front of V1 struck the right side of V2 in the westbound lane. V1 came to final rest facing north and V2 came to final rest facing northwest. V1 was driven by a 44-year old female who was not injured. The driver of V1 was contacted several times to be interviewed but did not respond back. V1 was towed due to damage. The critical precrash event for V1 was when V2 encroached into V1's lane, from the crossing street across path. No critical reason for the critical precrash event was coded to this vehicle. No associated factors were coded to the driver of V1. V2 was driven by a 43-year old female who refused to be interviewed at the scene. V2 was towed due to damage. The critical precrash event for V2 was when it began crossing over the intersection. The critical reason for the critical precrash event was an illegal maneuver, a decision error. No associated factors were coded to the driver of V2 due to the lack of an interview.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 2:  Decision present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Decelerating in traffic lane
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From crossing street, across path
 2 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Crossing over (passing through) intersection

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
 2 ：Driver Related Factor- Illegal maneuver
