Case Summary:
1    Case Summary The crash happened at 1134 hours. The location was a five lane divided (no positive barrier) straight roadway surface dry concrete at a lighted intersection. Involving three vehicles with a posted speed limit of 56 kmph (35 mph). Traffic signal controlled traffic flow,the weather was clear and the road was dry. V 1, a 1996 Mercedes C 220, driven by a 36 year-old female was traveling west in the third lane of traffic, approaching the intersection. V 2, a 2001 Chevrolet Blazer driven by a 35 year-old male was traveling west in the third lane. V 3, a 1999 Toyota Corolla driven by a 47 year-old male was slowing down to stop for traffic signal. V 1 was approaching the intersection when light was turning red. V 2 and V 3, slowed down. The driver of V 1 applied her brakes V 1's front impacted the rear end of V 2. V 2 was pushed forward into the rear of V 3. All vehicles came to rest within lane 3. V 1 was towed from the scene. The driver was treated at the scene. V 2 and V 3 were driven from the scene. The pre-event movement for V 1 coded going straight, category other motor vehicle in lane traveling in same direction while decelerating. The critical reason driver related factor "too fast to respond to unexpected actions of others". (The driver of V 1 stated V 2 and V 3 applied their brakes unexpected and with great force. All this happened when the traffic light turned from green to amber. The driver of V 1 traveled to fast to slow down the vehicle in time when both vehicles in front of her reacted to the turning lights). The pre-event movement for V 2 coded decelerating in traffic lane, category other motor vehicle in lane traveling in same direction at higher speed. Critical reason not coded to this vehicle. The pre-event movement for V 3 was coded decelerating in traffic lane . This vehicle was not involved in the first harmful event.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision, Driver Inexperience, Drugs, Speed/Distance, Surveillance present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Decelerating in traffic lane
 3 ：Decelerating in traffic lane

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Traveling in same direction while decelerating
 2 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Traveling in same direction with higher speed
 3 ：Other- Not involved first harmful event

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Too fast to be able to respond to unexpected actions of others (specify) :
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
 3 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
