Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two vehicle crash occurred shortly before noon in daylight hours at the intersection of a two-lane (four overall), east-west roadway divided by a concrete median and a two-lane, undivided, north-south roadway. The intersection was not controlled with traffic signals. The east-west roadway was straight, level, concrete with a posted speed of 56 kph (35 mph). The north-south roadway was right curved, level, concrete with a posted speed of 48 kph (30 mph). The roadway was dry and the sky was clear. Traffic flow was light. Vehicle one (V 1), a 1996 Nissan Altima sedan driven by a 26 year-old male was stopped eastbound in lane two. Vehicle two (V 2), a 2002 Dodge Caravan minivan driven by a 55 year-old female was traveling westbound in lane one. V 1 initiated a left turn and entered the intersection and was struck on the right side by the front of V 2. V 1 was moved west. V 1 came to rest in the first travel lane, west of the intersection, facing north. V 2 continued on its path of travel and came to rest in the first travel lane, west of the intersection, facing west. The driver of V 1 stated that he was on his way to a friend's house prior to work. He advised that he was traveling at between 0-16 kph (0-10 mph) when he was struck. He did not see V 2 prior to impact and made no attempt to avoid the collision. The driver of V 2 stated that she was on her way home from work. She advised that she was traveling at between 48-64 kph (30-40 mph) when she recognized that V 1 was going to turn across her path. She applied the brakes in an attempt to avoid the collision, but was unsuccessful. Both vehicles were towed from the scene. The critical event for V1 was coded - this vehicle traveling turning left at intersection. Critical reason driver related factor "inadequate surveillance". The critical event for V2 was coded - other vehicle encroachment from opposite direction-over left lane line. Critical reason not coded to this vehicle. An associated factor for V 2 a false assumption that the other driver would yield the right-of-way. There were no other associated factors coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Surveillance present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Decision present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Stopped in traffic lane
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Turning left at intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From opposite direction - over left lane line

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Inadequate surveillance (e.g., failed to look, looked but did not see)
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
