Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two vehicle crash occurred in the afternoon hours on a four lane undivided roadway at an intersection. This intersection is a four way light controlled intersection with pedestrian crossing signs. The north and south sides of the intersection consists of two lanes going in either direction separated by dashed lane lines and a double solid yellow lane line separating the north/southbound sides of the road. The east and west sides of the intersection are two lane undivided roadways. The intersection surface is asphalt straight and level and was free of any roadway deficiencies and/or sight restrictions. The roadway was dry and free of adverse weather conditions. The speed limit for this roadway is 56 kmph (35 mph). Vehicle one (V1) is a 1989 GMC Safari minivan. driven by an unknown driver. Vehicle two (V2) is a 1995 Chevrolet Lumina four door sedan driven by a 23 year-old male with two passengers. V1 was traveling northbound in the second travel lane approaching the intersection and intending on turning left. V2 was traveling southbound in the first travel lane intending on going straight through the intersection. As V2 approached the intersection V1 turned left. The driver of V1 depressed the brake and steered right in an attempt to avoid a crash. V2's front impacted V1's front. At maximum engagement V2 rotated V1 counterclockwise. As they rotated V2's left side struck V1's right side. They both continued in a southwest direction. V1 struck a pole with it's front left corner just off of the roadway on the southwest corner of the intersection. V1 came to a final rest against the pole. V2 came to a final rest next to V1 facing southwest. After both vehicles came to final rest the driver of V1 got out of V1 and into another vehicle and fled the scene. Both vehicles were towed due to damage. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: this vehicle traveling, turning left at intersection. The critical reason for the critical event was coded to V1 as a driver related factor: type of driver error unknown. The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded: other vehicle encroachment; from opposite direction - over left lane line. The critical reason was not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Distraction present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Turning left at intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From opposite direction - over left lane line

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Type of driver error unknown
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
