Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This three-vehicle crash occurred in a traffic signal-controlled intersection. Both roadways are straight and divided by a curbed median. The southbound approach has a 5.7% downgrade; the other roadways are level. The approach roadways consist of three through lanes and a left turn lane. The speed limit on these roadways is 56 kmph (35 mph). This crash occurred during daylight hours with no adverse atmospheric conditions. Vehicle one (V1), 2001 Toyota Sequoia, was southbound in lane four. Vehicle two (V2), a 2003 Toyota Tundra towing a small flatbed trailer, was northbound in lane two. Vehicle three (V3), 2004 Toyota Camry, was stopped westbound in lane four. V1 turned left at the intersection and the right side was struck by the front of V2. V1 rotated clockwise, rolled over to the left two quarter-turns onto its top and moved to the northeast. The right side of V1 then struck the front of V3. V1 and V2 were towed due to damage. The driver of V1, an eighteen-year-old female, was traveling, with a thirteen-year-old female, from her home to pick up her siblings from school. She was well rested, healthy and familiar with her vehicle. This driver travels this route weekly. She stated that she was looking at her intended destination, the eastbound lanes, just prior to the crash. The driver of V2, a fifty-seven-year-old female, was traveling from work to her home and had just made a stop at a store. She was well rested, comfortable with her vehicle and drives this route daily. This driver takes medication for high blood pressure, but is otherwise healthy. The driver of V3, a seventy-six-year-old female, was traveling from her home to a park. She was well rested and familiar with her vehicle and route. This driver takes medications for high cholesterol, high blood pressure and an unspecified thyroid condition. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded as "this vehicle traveling; turning left at intersection." The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded as "driver related factor; inadequate surveillance (e.g. failed to look, looked but did not see)." This driver's inexperience is an associated factor in this crash. The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded as "other vehicle encroachment; from opposite direction - over left lane line." The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event for V2 was "not coded to this vehicle." The critical pre-crash event for V3 was coded as "other; not involved first harmful event." The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event for V3 was "not coded to this vehicle."
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision, Driver Inexperience, Surveillance present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Decision, Drugs present problem 
Vehicle 3:  Drugs present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Going straight
 3 ：Stopped in traffic lane

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Turning left at intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From opposite direction - over left lane line
 3 ：Other- Not involved first harmful event

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Inadequate surveillance (e.g., failed to look, looked but did not see)
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
 3 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
