Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This crash occurred early afternoon involving two passenger cars at an intersection with traffic lights. The speed limit for the roadway is 54 kmph (35 mph). The road is a 4-lane divided (no positive barrier) concrete right curved roadway for both vehicles. The road surface was dry and there were no detrimental atmospheric conditions at the time of the crash. Vehicle one (V1), a 1997 Chevrolet Monte Carlo driven by a 81 year-old female not fatigued taking several drugs for arthritis was traveling east in the fourth lane, attempting a left turn at an intersection of the roadway. Vehicle two (V2), a 1997 Nissan Altima, driven by a 22 year-old male not fatigued in good health was traveling west in the third lane. The front of V2 impacted the right side of V1. V1 rotated clockwise and moved into the eastbound lanes. V2 rotated clockwise after the impact, and came to rest within the intersection. The driver of V1 was treated at the scene. Both vehicles were towed from the scene. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: this vehicle traveling, turning left at intersection. The critical reason for the critical event was coded to V1 as a driver related factor: misjudgment of gap or others speed. This vehicle had a left turn arrow at the intersection. The driver claimed she waited for some time before attempting to turn. When she saw V2 coming from the right, she thought it was way to fast. The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded: other vehicle encroachment; from opposite direction, over left lane line. The critical reason was not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision, Driver Physical, Drugs, Traffic present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Stopped in traffic lane
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Turning left at intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From adjacent lane (same direction) - over left lane line

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Misjudgment of gap or other's speed
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
