Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This three-vehicle collision occurred at at mid-afternoon during daylight hours on a weekday. The crash occurred on a curved stretch of a five-lane, two-way, undivided, dry, east-west asphalt roadway. The roadway has a slight uphill grade for westbound traffic, and the speed limit is 56 kmph (35 mph) in both directions. A two-way left turn lane separates eastbound and westbound traffic. At the time of the crash, there were no adverse atmospheric conditions, and the road surface asphalt and free of defects. Vehicle one (V1), a 1992 Mitsubishi Mirage four-door sedan, driven by a 24 year-old male was traveling westbound in the second lane, approaching the rightward curvature. Vehicle two (V2), a 2000 Ford Ranger pickup, driven by a 50 year-old male was traveling eastbound in the second lane of opposing traffic, curving left. Vehicle three (V3), a 2005 Chrysler Town and Country minivan, driven by a 39 year-old male was traveling behind V2 in the first eastbound lane. V1 departed its lane to the left as the road curved, crossed the center lane, and entered the second eastbound lane, where the front of V2 impacted the right side of V1 in a sideswipe configuration. V1 continued forward, and the front of V1 impacted the left side of V3 in a sideswipe configuration. All three vehicles came to rest in the roadway. All three vehicles were towed from the scene. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: this vehicle traveling, over the lane line on the left side of travel lane. The critical reason was coded to V1 as a driver related factor: inattention (i.e., daydreaming). The driver stated was thinking about his day at work and not paying attention to where he was on the roadway. The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded:other vehicle encroachment; from opposite direction - over the left lane line. The critical reason was not coded to this vehicle. V3 was not involved in first harmful event. The critical reason was not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Distraction, Driver Fatigue, Driver Inexperience, Roadway, Vehicle present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Roadway present problem 
Vehicle 3:  Roadway present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Negotiating a curve
 2 ：Negotiating a curve
 3 ：Negotiating a curve

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Over the lane line on left side of travel lane
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From opposite direction - over left lane line
 3 ：Other- Not involved first harmful event

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Inattention (i.e., daydreaming)
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
 3 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
