Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two-vehicle crash occurred mid-morning in a 4-way intersection that is controlled by tri-light traffic signals. The eastbound roadway is a one-way and consists of two lanes of travel, as well as parking and bicycle lanes on the south side of the road. The north/south roadway is 2-way with one travel lane in each direction; to the south of the intersection there is a painted median separating the travel lanes. The north leg has a left turn lane in place of the median to accommodate the eastbound one-way travel of the intersecting road. All approaching roadways are straight, level and of bituminous construction. At the time of the crash, the weather was clear, and the road surfaces were dry and without defects. The speed limit for both roadways was 50 kph (30 mph). Vehicle one, a 2001 Dodge Intrepid 4-door (V 1) with two occupants, was traveling eastbound in lane two when it entered the intersection intending to go straight and the front collided with the left side of V 2. Vehicle two, a 1991 Chevrolet S-10 4-door Blazer with two occupants was traveling northbound in lane one when it entered the intersection intending to go straight and its left side collided with the front of V 1. The restrained V 1 driver, a 43 year old male, was transported to a local hospital with a PAR-reported non-incapacitating injury. The restrained V 1 right front seat passenger was also transported to a local hospital with a PAR-reported possible injury. The restrained V 2 driver, a 45 year old male, was transported to a local hospital with a PAR-reported non-incapacitating injury and the restrained V 2 passenger was not reported as injured in the crash. Both vehicles were towed due to damage. According to the PAR, the reporting police officer was unable to determine who was at fault. The researcher was unable to contact the driver or other occupant of either vehicle involved in the crash. The V 1 driver was driving on a suspended license and the V 2 driver was driving with no license, and both were cited as being at fault for illegally operating motor vehicles. The pre-event movement for V 1 coded going straight, category this vehicle traveling crossing over passing through intersection. Critical reason coded unknown reason. The pre-event movement for V 2 coded going straight, category this vehicle traveling crossing over passing through intersection. Critical reason coded unknown reason.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:


Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Crossing over (passing through) intersection
 2 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Crossing over (passing through) intersection

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Unknown Reason - Unknown reason for critical event
 2 ：Unknown Reason - Unknown reason for critical event
