Case Summary:
1    Case Summary A two vehicle collision occurred during the late morning hours on a Sunday. The collision occurred in a controlled intersection with a traffic control light with pedestrian signal. The pre-crash roadway for V1 is straight and level. For V2 the pre-crash roadway has a curve to the left and is level. Just prior to the intersection there is a short right hand turn lane. Both roadways are paved asphalt that was wet. There was also fog in the atmosphere. The posted speed limit for both vehicles is 56 Kmph (35 mph), Vehicle 1 (V1), a 1995 Toyota Camry sedan, was traveling eastbound in lane 2 approaching the collision intersection with the intention of turning left. Vehicle 2 (V2), a 2000 Ford Crown Victoria sedan, was traveling westbound in lane 1 (the through lane) approaching the intersection with the intention of going straight. The driver of V1 stopped prior to initiating the left turn, saw V2 approaching but thought V2 was in the right hand turn lane so proceeded with the left turn. The driver of V2 assumed V1 would yield the right of way but then realized the vehicle was continuing the left turn. The driver of V2 swerved to the right before the front of V1 struck the left side of V2. At impact V2 initiated a counterclockwise rotation before the right side of the vehicle struck a light pole in the northwest corner of the intersection. V2 came to rest adjacent to the pole. V1 came to a controlled stop in the northbound lanes, facing north. V1 was driven from the scene, V2 was towed. Neither driver was injured. The pre-event movement for vehicle one was coded "stopped in traffic lane." The critical pre-crash event was coded "this vehicle traveling-turning left at intersection." The pre-event movement for vehicle two was coded "negotiating a curve." The critical pre-crash event was coded "other vehicle encroachment-from opposite direction-over left lane line."
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision, Roadway, Weather/Environment present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Decision, Drugs, Roadway, Weather/Environment present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Stopped in traffic lane
 2 ：Negotiating a curve

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Turning left at intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From opposite direction - over left lane line

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- False assumption of other's actions
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
