Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This crash occurred at an intersection with a traffic control device. It occurred on a not physically divided two-way, two-lane roadway. Vehicle one (V1) was traveling in the second lane. It is believed that V1 was trying to make a left turn, into a gas station to attain directions. Vehicle two (V2) was traveling in the opposite direction. The conditions were as follows: early evening, partly cloudy skies, the roadway was dry and there were no atmospheric conditions. The gradient for V1 and V2 was level. The posted speed limit for V1 was 72 kmph (45 mph). V1 was a 2004 Kia Rio, traveling southbound, and was intending to turn left at this intersection, into a gas station. V2 was a 2001 Ford Ranger traveling northbound. V1 did not see V2 coming across his pathway and struck V2 in the left front, with the left front of V1. Then V1 struck the utility pole, with the front of the car. The driver of V1 was a 26 year old male, that did not have any injuries. There was no driver interview given after numerous times of trying to contact the driver. V1 needed to be towed due to damage. The Critical Precrash Event for V1 was coded as: turning at the intersection. The Critical Reason for the Critical Precrash Event is illegal maneuver, crossing painted median and turning left when not allowed. the driver of V2 was a 19 year old male, that did not have any injuries. The passenger of V2 had injuries that were unknown. V2 needed to be towed as well. The Critical Precrash Event for V2 was coded as other vehicle encroachment, from opposite direction over the left lane line. The Critical Reason was not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Traffic present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Roadway present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Decelerating in traffic lane
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Turning left at intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From opposite direction - over left lane line

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Unknown Reason - Unknown reason for critical event
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
