Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two vehicle crash occurred during mid-afternoon daylight hours on the on-ramp of a four-lane, east-west roadway divided by a concrete traffic barrier. There were no traffic controls. The roadway was straight, dry concrete with a posted speed of 96 kmph (60 mph). The accident occurred at a crest in the roadway with a +3.3% grade prior to the point of impact and a -1.6% grade beyond the point of impact. The road was dry and the sky was clear. Traffic flow was moderate. Vehicle one (V1), a 1996 Ford Mustang coupe driven by a 19 year-old male was traveling eastbound in lane one. Vehicle two (V2), a 1997 Cadillac Catera sedan driven by a 84 year-old male with one passenger was stopped eastbound ahead of V1 in lane one. V2 was stopped, yielding the right-of-way to oncoming traffic. The front of V1 struck the back of V2. V2 was moved forward and came to rest in it's original lane of travel facing east. V1 continued on its path of travel and the driver directed the vehicle to final rest off the roadway to the right side. The driver of V1 stated that he was on his way to work. He advised that he was traveling at between 64-80 kmph (40-50 mph) when he recognized that V2 was stopped. He steered to the left and applied the brakes in an attempt to avoid the crash but was unsuccessful. V1 was towed from the scene. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: other motor vehicle in lane, other vehicle stopped. The critical reason for the critical event was coded to V1 as a driver related factor: too fast to be able to respond to unexpected actions of others. An associate factor was the driver of V1 did not anticipate that V2 would stop on the on-ramp, a false assumption. The driver assumed that V2 would merge without stopping. The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded: other motor vehicle in lane, traveling in same direction with higher speed. The critical reason was not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision, Speed/Distance present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Driver Inexperience, Driver Physical, Drugs present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Stopped in traffic lane

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Other vehicle stopped
 2 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Traveling in same direction with higher speed

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Too fast to be able to respond to unexpected actions of others (specify) :
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
