Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This crash occurred on a single-lane eastbound roadway. The roadway was concrete, level, and had a posted speed limit of 56 kmph (35 mph). The roadway ended at a T-intersection and was controlled by a stop sign. It was early afternoon on a weekday and conditions were clear. The police report was not available and therefore, no driver information was obtained. V1, a 2006 Ford Taurus, was traveling eastbound when the driver (unknown age and sex) suffered a seizure. This information was provided by the officer on scene at a later date. V1 continued eastbound when its front impacted the rear of V2. V2, a 2006 Dodge Charger, was behind two other vehicles that were stopped at a stop sign. It is unknown at this time if all of the vehicles were at a complete stop or were still in motion. When V1 struck V2 in the rear, V2 was pushed into V3. V3, a 2002 Chevrolet Suburban, was waiting for another vehicle to proceed through a stop sign. V2 struck the rear of V3. V3 was then pushed into the vehicle sitting at the stop sign. The fourth vehicle received minor damage and was not towed. The Critical Pre-crash Event for V1 was "Other motor vehicle in lane, other vehicle stopped." The Critical Reason for the Critical Pre-crash Event was "Driver related factor, heart attack or other physical impairment of the ability to act." The Critical Pre-crash Event for V2 was "Other motor vehicle in lane, traveling in same direction with higher speed." The Critical Reason for the Critical Pre-crash Event was not coded to V2. No Critical Pre-crash Event and no Critical Reason were coded to V3 because it was not involved in the first harmful event.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Driver Physical present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Unknown
 3 ：Stopped in traffic lane

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Other vehicle stopped
 2 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Traveling in same direction with higher speed
 3 ：Other- Not involved first harmful event

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Heart attack or other physical impairment of the ability to act
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
 3 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
