Case Summary:
1    Case Summary The two-vehicle crash occurred on an eastbound, four-lane highway with a positive barrier. The roadway was dry, straight, level, traveled concrete. The posted speed limit is 80 kph (50 mph). Traffic was heavy at the time of the accident. This crash occurred during daylight hours with clear skies. Vehicle one, a 1990 Ford Tempo, was eastbound in the third travel lane. Vehicle two, a 2004 Volvo S60, was stopped eastbound in the third travel lane. A non-contact vehicle was disabled in the third travel lane ahead of vehicle two. The front of vehicle one struck the back of vehicle two. Both vehicles came to rest facing east in the original travel lane forward of the point of impact. Both vehicles were towed due to damage. The driver of vehicle one, a forty-one year old male was heading home from work at the time of the crash. This driver had been driving for about thirty minutes at the time of the crash. This driver stated that he did not recognize that vehicle two was stopped with enough time to avoid the accident. The driver of vehicle one is not licensed to drive. This driver drives this vehicle daily and over this road on a daily basis. The driver of vehicle two, a thirty-seven year old female was heading home from her husband's office at the time of the crash. This driver had been driving for about seven minutes at the time of the crash. This driver stated that she never saw the other vehicle coming. The driver stated that she was looking in her rearview mirror waiting for the opportunity to merge to the right. This driver drives this vehicle daily and over this road on a weekly basis. The critical pre-crash event for vehicle one was coded as "other motor vehicle in lane: other vehicle stopped." The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event was attributed to vehicle one and was coded as "driver related factor: inadequate surveillance." The critical pre-crash event for vehicle two was coded as "other motor vehicle in lane: traveling in the same direction with a higher speed ." The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event for vehicle two was coded as "not coded to this vehicle."
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Surveillance, Traffic present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Traffic present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Stopped in traffic lane

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Other vehicle stopped
 2 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Traveling in same direction with higher speed

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Inadequate surveillance (e.g., failed to look, looked but did not see)
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
