Case Summary:
1    Case Summary The crash occurred in the afternoon during daylight hours, on a five-lane, two-way, dry, City Street, The posted speed limit for this road is 64Kmph (35mph). V1 a 1991 Pontiac Grand Am, was stopped in a public driveway, waiting to pull out into the road. Traffic was backed up on the road, and a vehicle motioned to V1 that it would be safe for her to pull out. V1 pulled out onto the road attempting to turn left and was struck in the front left side by V2. V2 a 1988 Buick Regal was in the 2nd lane going straight when V1 pulled out in front of him. Vehicle #1 was driven by a 17-year-old female who was transported to the hospital with minor injuries. The driver of V1 stated in the interview that she did not see V2 because of the stopped vehicles blocking her view. The driver of V1 also stated that V2 was traveling at a high rate of speed. The Critical Pre-crash Event for V1 is turning left at an intersection. The Critical Reason for the Critical Pre-crash Event was coded inadequate surveillance. V2 was driven by a 19-year-old male driver. The driver of V2 fled the scene of the crash; I did not get an interview. The driver of V2 was later apprehended and the car was impounded, allowing for a vehicle inspection. The Critical Pre-crash Event for V2 is other vehicle encroachment from driveway turning into opposite direction. The Critical Reason was not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision, Roadway, Surveillance, Traffic present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Traffic present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Stopped in traffic lane
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Turning left at intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From driveway, turning into oppsite direction

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Inadequate surveillance (e.g., failed to look, looked but did not see)
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
