Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This intersection type two-vehicle crash occurred on a north/south, three lane, undivided, straight concrete roadway with a 3.3% downhill grade for the southbound traffic and a 4.1% uphill grade for the northbound traffic. The speed limit was 48 kmph (30 mph). The roadway intersects an east/west, seven lane, divided, level asphalt roadway. The north and southbound lanes consist of one through lane and a left turn lane. This crash occurred during daylight hours with light traffic. There were no adverse weather conditions at the time of the crash. Traffic at the intersection is controlled by signals. Vehicle one (V1), a 2003 Chrysler PT Cruiser with one occupant, was stopped in the intersection northbound in lane two. Vehicle two (V2), a 2005 Honda Civic with one occupant, was southbound in lane one. V1 initiated a left turn and the front of V1 struck the left side of V2. V1 came to rest in the intersection adjacent to the impact point. V2 came to rest south of the intersection. Both vehicles were towed due to damage. The driver of V1, a fifty year-old female, was traveling from home to work. She was well rested, in good health and comfortable with her vehicle. She drives this route daily. This driver stated that she assumed the southbound traffic was going to stop when the traffic light turned yellow. She did not look to the southbound traffic prior to initiating her turn. She did not detect V2 as she initiated the left turn from the stopped position in the intersection. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded as "this vehicle traveling; turning left at intersection." The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded as "driver related factor; inadequate surveillance." This driver's assumption that opposing traffic would yield the right-of-way was an associated factor in this crash. The driver of V2, a fifty-one year-old female, was traveling from home to work. She was well rested, in good health and comfortable with her vehicle. She drives this route daily. The driver stated that she saw V1 prior to impact but assumed it would yield the right of way. She did not attempt any evasive maneuvers. The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded as "other vehicle encroachment; from opposite direction, over left lane line." The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event for V2 was "not coded to this vehicle."
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision, Surveillance present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Decision, Drugs present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Stopped in traffic lane
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Turning left at intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From opposite direction - over left lane line

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Inadequate surveillance (e.g., failed to look, looked but did not see)
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
