Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two-vehicle crash occurred mid-morning hours during daylight hours in a rural residential area in a type T intersection. The north/south bound two-lane roadway is straight, level and without traffic control devices. The west/east bound two-lane roadway is straight and downhill for westbound travel and controlled by a stop sign where it dead-ends with the other roadway. The speed limit for the area is 40 kph (25 mph). with no adverse weather or road conditions present. Vehicle one (V1) a 1972 Ford Galaxie 4-door sedan driven by a 35 year-old male was traveling westbound approaching the stop sign when the driver discovered the brakes were inoperative. Vehicle #1 steered to the left slightly before it entered the intersection without stopping. Vehicle two (V2) a 1997 Ford F-150 pickup driven by a 48 year-old male was traveling northbound when it's front right side plane was contacted by the front bumper V1. V1 came to rest facing west. V2 came to rest in the south bound lane facing north. Both vehicles were towed due to damage. The pre-event movement for V1 coded going straight, category this vehicle control loss due to disabling vehicle failure (brakes). Critical reason for the critical event vehicle related factor "brakes failed". The pre-event movement for V2 coded going straight, category other vehicle encroachment from crossing street turning into opposite direction. Critical reason not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision, Vehicle present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Drugs present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Veh. Control Loss Due To:- Disabling vehicle failure (e.g,  wheel fell off) (specify) :
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From crossing street, turning into opposite direction

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Vehicle Related Factor- Brakes failed
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
