Case Summary:
1    Case Summary The crash occurred mid-afternoon at the intersection of a two-way, two lane, undivided roadway and a two-way, two lane, undivided roadway. Both roads were dry, traveled, level asphalt. The posted speed limit for east/west is 48 kmph (30 mph).north/south 56 kmph (35 mph). Traffic was light at the time of the collision. There were no adverse weather conditions. Traffic was controlled by stop signs for the east/west traffic. Vehicle one (V1) was a 1995 Toyota Corolla driven by a 53 year-old female with one passenger. It was westbound in the first travel lane. Vehicle two (V2) was a 1999 Lincoln Town Car driven by a 23 year-old female with one passenger. It was northbound in the first travel lane. V1 entered the intersection without the right of way and was impacted on the left side by the front of V2. V1 then rotated clockwise and struck a bicyclist crossing the road heading south along the west curb. V1 came to rest facing south in the southbound lane. V2 came to rest facing north in the northbound lane. V1 was towed from the scene. The cyclist was treated by EMS and released. The critical precrash event for V1 was coded: this vehicle traveling; crossing over (passing through) intersection. The critical reason was attributed to V1 as a driver related recognition factor: inattention (i.e. daydreaming). This driver was having a conversation with passenger about directions which diverted her attention from the driving task, and she entered the intersection without stopping for the stop sign. She was looking straight ahead prior to entering the intersection and failed to observe V2 to her left or the cyclist. The driver and passenger were on their way home from the doctor's office. The driver takes the medications Tobradex and an unspecified Thyroid medication. In the direction of travel of V1, there was also sun glare reflecting off this roadway at this time. The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded: other vehicle encroachment; from crossing street, across path. The critical reason was not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision, Distraction, Driver Inexperience, Drugs, Surveillance, Weather/Environment present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Crossing over (passing through) intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From crossing street, across path

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Inattention (i.e., daydreaming)
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
