Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two-vehicle collision occurred mid-afternoon on the southbound lane of an urban two-lane two-way undivided roadway. The concrete roadway is level and straight in the area of impact, with on street parking on both sides of the roadway. The pre crash roadway north of the impact location is a four-leg intersection with a traffic island that reduces the width of the southbound travel lane. As a non-arterial street the speed limit is 40 kmph (25 mph), although this was not posted at the scene. Vehicle two (V2), a 2000 Toyota Camry Solara Coupe, driven by a 26 year-old female was traveling southbound in lane one. Vehicle one (V1), a 1995 Mazda 626 Sedan, driven by a 21 year-old male with one passenger was pulling out from a curbside parking space to merge into the southbound lane of the street. The driver of V1 checked for southbound traffic before pulling from the curb, then stopped upon seeing V2 approaching from the rear. At this point V1 was in the path of V2. The front right corner of V2 impacted the front left of V1 just in front of the driver's side door. V1 was spun clockwise approximately 60 degrees before coming to rest. V2 was deflected to the left and came to rest in the center of the roadway pointing south. Both vehicles were towed due to damage. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: this vehicle traveling, over the lane line on the left side of travel lane. The critical reason for the critical event was coded to V1 as a driver related factor: false assumption of other's actions. After she pulled partially into the travel lane, she observed V2 approaching and assumed V2 would swerve to avoid V1. She made no avoidance actions. The driver was concerned with up-coming mid-term exams. She was thinking about the exams prior to the crash and had 5 hours of sleep the previous night. She was leaving home to go to school and works a 40 hour per week job. The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded: other vehicle encroachment, from parking lane. The critical reason was not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision, Distraction, Driver Stress/Emotion present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Leaving a parking position
 2 ：Negotiating a curve

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Over the lane line on left side of travel lane
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From parking lane

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- False assumption of other's actions
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
