Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This three-vehicle crash occurred in the intersection of a two-lane two-way roadway and a one-lane one-way roadway. The one-way road is controlled with a stop sign and the speed limit is 32 kph (20 mph). The two-way road has no control devices and the speed limit is 50 kph (30 mph). For westbound traffic there was a one-vehicle work zone. Vehicle three, a large utility truck was pulled of onto the corner in a parking lane. This created a view obstruction at the intersection. This truck had cones to delineate the work zone. This crash occurred during daylight hours with no adverse atmospheric conditions. Vehicle one, a 1998 Toyota 4-Runner was traveling southbound on the one-way road. Vehicle two, a 2003 Ford Mustang was traveling westbound in the first lane. Vehicle three, a 1998 International 4900 straight truck was parked on an angle at the north east corner of the intersection. Vehicle one entered the intersection and the front of vehicle one impacted the right of vehicle two. Vehicle one rotated clockwise and the right of vehicle one impacted the front of vehicle three. Vehicle one and two were towed due to damage. Vehicle three was not towed. The driver of vehicle one, a fifty-six year old male was not interviewed. The driver of vehicle three was stopped such that he could observe vehicle one. This driver stated that as vehicle one approached the intersection the driver was distracted by two dogs in the vehicle. There is no known information from this driver. The driver of vehicle two, a twenty-year old female was not interviewed. There is no known pre-crash information for this driver. The critical pre-crash event for vehicle one was coded as “this vehicle traveling: crossing over [passing through] intersection. The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event was attributed to vehicle one based upon the witness observation and was coded as “driver related factor: internal distraction”. The critical pre-crash event for vehicle two was coded as “other vehicle encroachment: from crossing street, across path”. The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event for vehicle two was coded as “not coded to this vehicle”.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision, Distraction, Roadway present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Roadway, Traffic present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Crossing over (passing through) intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From crossing street, across path

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Internal distraction
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
