Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two-vehicle crash occurred during early evening daylight hours on a four-way intersection with east/west traffic controlled by a stop sign. No adverse weather conditions present at the time of collision. Northbound traffic was intermittently heavy as a traffic signal device just south of where collision occurred controlled traffic. Bituminous roadway was level and dry. Posted speed limit 56 kph (35 mph). Vehicle one (V1) a 2001 GMC Sonoma pick-up driven by a 61 year-old male with one passenger was traveling west in the second lane approaching the intersection with the intention of turning left. Vehicle two (V2) a 2002 Ford Focus sedan driven by a 41 year-old female with one passenger was traveling north in the first lane. V1 driver stated traffic was heavy and had been waiting 15-20 minutes before finally having an opportunity to make left turn. V1 driver stated that he proceeded to make turn after another vehicle traveling north in lane one began making a right turn at intersection. As V1 the front collided with the right side of V2 V2. After impact V1 came to final rest in the intersection, V2 continued forward in a northwesterly direction and coming to final rest in the southbound lanes. V2 was towed from the scene. The pre-event movement for V1 coded stopped in traffic lane, category this vehicle traveling turning left at intersection. Critical reason for the critical event driver related factor "inadequate surveillance". The pre-event movement for V2 coded going straight, category other vehicle encroachment from crossing street, turning into opposite direction. Critical reason not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Distraction, Driver Fatigue, Driver Inexperience, Driver Physical, Drugs, Roadway, Surveillance present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Decision, Distraction, Drugs present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Stopped in traffic lane
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Turning left at intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From crossing street, turning into opposite direction

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Inadequate surveillance (e.g., failed to look, looked but did not see)
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
