Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This crash occurred on a weekend morning on the left side of two-way, three-lane, undivided, urban roadway. The roadway consisted of two southbound lanes and one northbound lane; and featured a posted speed limit of 56kmph (35 mph). The bituminous roadway is level and curves slightly in the right as one travels north. At the time of the crash the roadway was still wet from earlier rain. Traffic flow was normal and there were no adverse atmospheric conditions at the time of the crash. V1, a 2005 Hyundai Santa Fe SUV, was northbound negotiating the curve right. As V1 negotiated the curve it left its lane, crossed the two southbound lanes, and impacted the curb. V1 continued off-road as it went through a chain-link fence and up an embankment before impacting a tree where it came to final rest. V1 was driven by a 21-year-old male, who was commuting to a neighboring town. According to the driver the vehicle “kicked,” and began to fishtail on the wet road. He attempted to steady the vehicle, but was unable to regain control. Because of the wet roads there were no skid marks that could corroborate this claim. The driver was uninjured but V1 was towed due to damage. The Critical Precrash Event for V1 was coded this vehicle traveling, off the edge of the road on the left side. The Critical Reason for the Critical Precrash Event was a driver related factor, poor directional control. The associated factors in this case include driver fatigue as he working 12-hour shifts for long periods of time. Traveling too fast for conditions, and inadequate evasion (even with a mechanical problem, it would still appear that the driver had sufficient time and space to avoid the crash). The wet roads were also coded as an associated factor.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision, Driver Performance, Driver Physical, Drugs, Roadway, Speed/Distance present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Negotiating a curve

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Off the edge of the road on the left side

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Poor directional control (e.g., failing to control vehicle with skill ordinarily expected)
