Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This crash occurred in the morning of a weekend in the middle of two-way intersection. The intersection consisted of a four-lane westbound roadway and a four-lane southbound roadway controlled by a malfunctioning traffic signal (green in both directions). The bituminous roadways were dry and level with posted speed limits of 56 kmph (35 mph). The traffic flow was normal but a strong crosswind (the national weather service reports that winds were gusting up to 46 mph) was present the morning of the crash. V1, a 1985 Chevrolet Caprice Classic was westbound in lane two approaching the intersection where it intended to go straight. V2, a 1995 Chevrolet Camaro was southbound in lane three approaching the same intersection where it intended to also go straight. Due to the malfunctioning traffic signal both drivers assumed they had the right of way and entered the intersection. V1 was struck on the right side by the front of V2 in the middle of the intersection. V1 continued forward and struck a utility pole and guardrail on the southwest corner of the intersection before coming to final rest. After the initial impact V2 began a slight counter clockwise rotation and struck a signpost also located on the southwest corner of the intersection before coming to final rest. Both vehicles were towed due to damage. The driver of V1, a 17-year-old male claimed to be in good health and only uses an inhaler as needed for his cystic fibrosis. He stated that he had just dropped off a friend at home and was on his way back to his apartment at the time of the crash. He stated that he had just turned left onto the roadway and was traveling towards the intersection where the crash occurred with a green light. He stated that he did not think to look for southbound traffic but also stated that there were trees and shrubbery blocking his view of any traffic approaching the intersection. He stated that once he entered the intersection he saw a flash of maroon color and was struck in the side. After impact he tried to control his vehicle to keep it from contacting the building on the southwest corner of the intersection. He was transported from the scene despite suffering no injuries The Critical Precrash Event for V1 was coded this vehicle traveling crossing over (passing through) intersection. The Critical Reason for the Critical Event was coded as a highway related factor, traffic signal defective (malfunctioning). The associated factors coded to this driver include inexperience, crossing with an obstructed view, and a weather related factor (severe crosswinds). The driver of V2, a 50-year-old female, claimed to be in good health despite a diabetic condition that she takes medications for. She stated that she was on her was to her office to drop off paper work for the week. As she traveled south on the roadway the light remained green and she did not accelerate or decelerate as she traveled towards the intersection. She stated there were heavy trees to her left and did not see the vehicle approaching from her left until it was too late, she tried to brake and steer right but could not avoid V1. She stated that after contact her vehicle spun around and came to final rest on the southwest curb. The Critical Precrash Event for V2 was coded this vehicle traveling crossing over (passing through) intersection. The Critical Reason for the event was coded as a highway related factor, traffic signal defective (malfunctioning). The associated factors coded to this driver include crossing with an obstructed view, and a weather related factor (severe crosswinds).
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision, Driver Inexperience, Driver Physical, Drugs, Roadway, Surveillance, Weather/Environment present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Decision, Driver Physical, Drugs, Roadway, Surveillance, Weather/Environment present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Negotiating a curve
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Crossing over (passing through) intersection
 2 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Crossing over (passing through) intersection

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Environment Related Factor- Signs/signals erroneous/defective
 2 ：Environment Related Factor- Signs/signals erroneous/defective
