Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This crash occurred in the morning of a weekday in the northbound lanes of a divided multi-lane roadway just before an intersection. The roadway consisted of 5 northbound and 3 southbound lanes divided by a raised grassy median. The bituminous roadway was dry, straight, and level with a posted speed limit of 89 kmph (55 mph). The traffic flow was normal and there were no adverse atmospheric conditions at the time of the crash. V1, a 2001 Mitsubishi Montero with one occupant, was southbound in lane one. V2, a 1998 Buick LaSabre with one occupant, was stopped in lane one at the intersection preparing for the light to change so it could proceed. V1 failed to slow and come to a stop behind V2 and the front of V1 struck the rear of V2. Both vehicles came to final rest slightly forward of the point of impact. Both vehicles were towed due to damage. The driver of V1, a male of unknown age, was not believed to have been injured in the crash. The driver could not located for an interview therefore it is unclear why he did not see V2 stopped at the intersection. The Critical Precrash Event for V1 was coded other motor vehicle in lane, other vehicle stopped. The Critical Reason was an unknown driver error. There were no known associated factors that could be coded to the driver of V1 as no interview was obtained. The driver of V2, a male of unknown age, was transported from the scene due to injuries of unknown severity. Information about this driver is also unknown because the problem with acquiring the PAR. The Critical Precrash Event for this vehicle was coded other motor vehicle in lane, traveling in the same direction with higher speed. The critical reason was not coded to this vehicle. There were no known associated factors that could be coded to the driver of V1 as no interview was obtained.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:


Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Stopped in traffic lane

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Other vehicle stopped
 2 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Traveling in same direction with higher speed

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Type of driver error unknown
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
