Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two-vehicle crash occurred shortly past noon during daylight hours on a level two lane, two way dry bituminous asphalt roadway. The roadway has two westbound and two eastbound lanes that are separated by a dirt median. The speed limit on the roadway is posted 120 kmph (75 mph). There were no environmental factors that contributed to this crash and there were no view obstructions noted. Vehicle one (V1), a 1998 Dodge 4-door Neon sedan driven by a 41 year-old male, was traveling westbound in the number two lane. Vehicle two (V2), a 1998 Freight liner tractor pulling one semi-trailer, was driven by a 41 year-old male with two passengers. V2 was traveling westbound in the number one lane. V1 had departed the roadway to the left. The driver of V1 had steered right, over corrected and the vehicle went into a clockwise yaw moving back into lane one where the right side was impacted by the front of V2. The impact caused V1 to rotate clockwise and in a northwesterly direction across the number one lane until it began to travel backwards in the north shoulder. V1 came to final rest facing northeast. V2 came to final rest on the west shoulder. The critical pre crash event for V1 was coded: this vehicle traveling, off the edge of the road on the left side. The critical reason was coded to V1 as a driver related factor: overcompensation. Medical records indicate the driver of V1 had a BAC test result of 0.217 taken approximately one hour after the crash. The tests also showed a positive result for Cocaine. The critical pre crash event for V2 was coded: other vehicle encroachment; from adjacent lane (same direction) - over the left lane line. The critical reason was not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Alcohol, Decision, Driver Performance, Drugs, Speed/Distance present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Passing or overtaking another vehicle
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Off the edge of the road on the left side
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From adjacent lane (same direction) - over left lane line

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Overcompensation
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
