Case Summary:
1    Case Summary A single vehicle crash occurred on a ten lane divided asphalt roadway. This crash occurred on the northbound lanes, which consist of five lanes. The fifth lane is a High Occupancy Vehicle (HOV) lane from 1600 hours to 1800 hours. The highway is designated 104 kmph (65 mph) and is curved to the left. It was dark at the time of the crash, which was shortly after the use of the fifth lane as an HOV lane had expired. Vehicle one (V1), a 2006 Hummer H3 was traveling north in the number five lane. V1 impacted a plaster mixer that was in the travel lane with its front plane. The plaster mixer was disconnected from the power unit that had been towing it and it was stationary in the travel lane. After impact V1 one rotated counter clockwise and continued north. V1 came to rest facing west in the number five lane. V1 was towed with major damage. The driver of V1, a forty-three year old male, was commuting from work to his house. This driver had been driving for less than one half hour at the time of the crash. The driver of V1 works for the sheriffs department and takes on extra shifts. He worked the last seven days for eight hours a day, for a total of 56 hours. He only had 5 hours of sleep the night before and regularly goes to bed at 0800 and wakes around 1200 to 1300 hours. Fatigue is considered a factor for this driver. He is driving a new vehicle. This driver drives this road daily and has only driven this vehicle less than five times in the last two months. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: object or animal, object in roadway. The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded as a driver related factor: inadequate surveillance (e.g., failed to look, looked but did not see).
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Driver Fatigue, Driver Stress/Emotion, Surveillance, Traffic present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Object or Animal- Object in roadway

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Inadequate surveillance (e.g., failed to look, looked but did not see)
