Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This three-vehicle crash occurred in the early afternoon of the weekend near a 4-way signal controlled intersection. The north/south roadway consisted of two lanes in each direction with a third southbound lane that served as a left turn only lane divided by a painted gore. The bituminous roadway was dry and straight, with a slight downhill grade and a posted speed limit of 72 kmph (45 mph). The traffic flow was normal and there were no adverse atmospheric conditions at the time of the crash. A strong sun glare existed as vehicles traveled southwest. Vehicle one (V1), a 1995 Jeep Wrangler with one occupant, was southbound on the roadway approaching the 4-way intersection. Vehicle two (V2), a 2001 Nissan Pathfinder with one occupant, was stopped at the intersection, awaiting the light to turn. Vehicle three (V3), an unknown vehicle with an unknown number of occupants, was also stopped at the intersection ahead of V2. V1 failed to stop behind V2 and the front of V1 struck the back of V2. V2 was pushed forward and its left front corner struck the back of V3. All three vehicles came to final rest in the southbound lane two near the points of impact. V1 and V2 were towed due to damage while V3 left the scene prior to police arrival. The driver of V1, a 21 year-old female, did not suffer any injuries from the crash and did not require any medical attention. A partial interview was obtained from this driver on-scene. The driver stated that she had a difficult time seeing through the sun glare and thought the light was green. She did not see the vehicle in front of her was stopped until it was too late. She applied her brakes but was unable to avoid the crash. The Critical Precrash Event for V1 was coded other motor vehicle in lane, other vehicle stopped. The Critical Reason was the sun-glare. There were no other known associated factors coded to V1. The driver of V2, a 29 year-old male, did not suffer any injuries from the crash and did not require any medical attention. A partial interview was obtained with a relative of the driver. The interviewee relayed that V2 was stopped in the traffic lane waiting for the light to change when it was suddenly struck from behind. The Critical Precrash Event for V2 was coded other motor vehicle in lane, traveling in same direction, with higher speed. The Critical Reason was not coded to this vehicle. The only known associated factor was the presence of sun-glare. V3 left the scene before the arrival of the police or this researcher; therefore no information could be obtained regarding either the driver or the vehicle. The Critical Precrash Event for V3 was coded other, not involved in first harmful event. The Critical Reason was not coded to this vehicle. The only known associated factor was the presence of sun-glare.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Weather/Environment present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Weather/Environment present problem 
Vehicle 3:  Weather/Environment present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Stopped in traffic lane
 3 ：Stopped in traffic lane

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Other vehicle stopped
 2 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Traveling in same direction with higher speed
 3 ：Other- Not involved first harmful event

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Environment Related Factor- Glare
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
 3 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
