Case Summary:
1    Case Summary The two-vehicle crash occurred on a divided, north/south trafficway at a traffic signal-controlled intersection. Both approaches are straight, level, dry and consist of three through lanes and a left turn lane. The posted speed limit is 64 kph (40 mph). Traffic was light at the time of the crash. It was dark with streetlights on and no adverse atmospheric conditions at the time of the crash. Vehicle one (V1), a white van that fled the scene and was never identified, was southbound in the fourth travel lane. Vehicle two (V2), a 2005 Toyota Tundra, was northbound in the third travel lane. V1 entered the intersection turning left and the right side was struck by the front of V2. V1 left the scene without exchanging information. V2 rotated clockwise and came to rest facing northeast in the intersection. V2 was towed due to damage. The driver of V1 was never identified and could not be interviewed. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: this vehicle traveling-turning left at intersection. The critical reason for V1 was coded: driver related factor; type of driver error unknown. The driver of V2, a twenty-three year old male, was heading home from a convenience store. This driver had been driving for about ten minutes, drives the route daily and is familiar with the vehicle. The driver stated the light was green. He did not notice V1 until he was entering the intersection. The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded: other vehicle encroachment-from opposite direction, over left lane line. The critical reason for V2 was coded: not coded to this vehicle. This driver's inadequate surveillance was an associated factor in this crash.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 2:  Surveillance present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Turning left at intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From opposite direction - over left lane line

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Type of driver error unknown
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
