Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two vehicle crash occurred during early morning hours at the intersection of two, two-way, seven lane, divided roadways without a positive barrier. both roads were dry, traveled concrete. The posted speed limit was 56 kmph (35 mph). There is an on-color traffic signal controlling traffic flow. There were no adverse weather conditions. Vehicle one (V1) a 1993 Mercury Grand Marquis sedan driven by a 19 year-old male with one passenger was traveling eastbound attempting to make a left turn. Vehicle two (V2) a 2005 Scion XA sedan driven by a 21 year-old male with one passenger was approaching the intersection westbound in the third lane. V1 entered the intersection without the right of way and was struck on the right side by the front of V2. V1 and V2 then side slapped, V1 rotated counterclockwise and came to rest in the roadway facing southwest. V2 rotated clockwise and came to rest in the roadway facing east. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: this vehicle traveling, turning left at intersection. The critical reason for the critical event coded to V1 as a driver related factor: aggressive driving behavior. The driver of V1 stated the traffic signal was yellow when making his turn. The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded: other vehicle encroachment from opposite direction, over left lane line. The critical reason was not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Aggressive Behavior, Decision, Surveillance present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Decision present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Turning left
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Turning left at intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From opposite direction - over left lane line

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Aggressive driving behavior
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
