Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This crash occurred in the left lane of a one-way roadway. The roadway was straight and level, and it was clear with no adverse conditions. It was dark but lighted and the roadway had a speed limit of 48kmph (30mph). Vehicle # 2 was a 2001 Suzuki Grand Vitara that was traveling northbound approaching the intersection and slowed down for an emergency fire truck with the emergency lights and sirens attempting to go eastbound on a two-way roadway. Vehicle # 1 was a Lincoln Navigator that was traveling northbound behind Vehicle # 2. The front of Vehicle # 1 impacted the rear of Vehicle # 2. Vehicle # 2 then continued forward and impacted a fence that was located on the northwest corner. The Lincoln Navigator (Vehicle # 1) was driven by a 27-year old male who sustained incapacitating injuries and was transported to a medical facility. The Lincoln was towed due to damage. The Critical Pre-crash event for Vehicle # 1 was coded as: Other Motor Vehicle in Lane, traveling in same direction while decelerating. The Critical Reason for the Critical event was coded unknown because no driver interview was obtained. The associated factors coded to the driver were inadequate surveillance, failed to look far enough ahead and a driver decision factor, that he did not realize that caution was required. A Highway related factor, traffic flow interruption factor in the form of the approaching emergency vehicle was also coded to the driver. The Suzuki Grand Vitara (Vehicle # 2) was driven by a 33 year-old male who sustained unknown injuries and was transported to a medical facility. The Suzuki was towed due to damage. The Critical Pre-crash event for Vehicle # 2 was coded as: Other Motor Vehicle in Lane, traveling in same direction with higher speed. The Critical Reason for the Critical event was not coded to the driver. The associated factor coded to the driver was a traffic flow interruption in the form of the approaching emergency vehicle. Other possible associated factors were unknown because the interview was not obtained.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Surveillance, Traffic present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Traffic present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Traveling in same direction while decelerating
 2 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Traveling in same direction with higher speed

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Unknown Reason - Unknown reason for critical event
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
