Case Summary:
1    Case Summary The crash occurred on a straight portion of interstate with two northbound lanes at the terminus of a third lane / onramp. The roadway had a negative grade of 4% with paved shoulders. The lanes of interstate, north and southbound were divided by a median wall. To the right (east) of the northbound lanes of the interstate ran a drainage ditch. The posted speed limit was 113 KMPH (70 MPH). The crash occurred in the early afternoon on a weekend under daylight and dry conditions. Vehicle 1, a 2006 Pontiac G6, was northbound on the interstate in the first travel lane when in an attempt to avoid colliding with a slower vehicle in the same lane (NC) it swerved to the right and went into a clockwise yaw, went off the right shoulder of the interstate and went down a slight embankment with a -5.2% grade and came to rest facing southeast in the drainage ditch. Vehicle 1 was towed due to damage. Vehicle 1 was driven by a 34 year old belted male whose airbags did not deploy in the crash. He was uninjured in the crash. He stated that he was driving aggressively in the interview, both frustrated about being lost and worried that he was going to miss his flight. He said he came upon the NC vehicle as if it were sitting still and he only reacted. The critical pre-crash event for vehicle 1 was This vehicle traveling off the edge of the road on the right side. The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event was a decision error: Aggressive driving behavior. The driver was fatigued due to working sixteen hour shifts that rotate four days a week, creating a 64 hour work week. The NC vehicle was coded as an exterior factor as the driver of V1 came upon him suddenly and reacted to his presense as if he were an object in the road. Traveling too fast for conditions was coded: did not realize that caution was required. Speeding was coded as an aggressive driving behavior with frustration and lost as reasons for the behavior. The driver was upset prior to the crash and in a hurry as he was late for his flight. The driver was upset prior to the crash for the above stated reasons. Driver inexperience was coded as it was his first time driving this particular vehicle (it was a rental). It was his first time on that road and he had been driving for only one year since moving from an urban area, where no automobile was necessary.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Aggressive Behavior, Driver Fatigue, Driver Inexperience, Driver Performance, Driver Stress/Emotion, Speed/Distance present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Accelerating in traffic lane

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Off the edge of the road on the right side

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Aggressive driving behavior
