Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This three vehicle crass occurred during daylight hours at an intersection. The north/south roadway is separated by a wide grass median and is comprised of two separate roads of three one-way lanes. The east leg of the east west intersection is undivided with two lanes controlled by a stop sign. The west leg of the intersection is undivided two-way traffic. Road surface level, dry asphalt. The posted speed limit is 48 kmph (30 mph). Vehicle one (V1), a 2000 Acura 3.2TL sedan driven by a 24 year-old male, was traveling westbound in the first lane, crossing through the intersection. Vehicle two (V2), a 2005 Toyota Solara coupe driven by a 25 year-old female, was traveling southbound in the second lane. Vehicle three (V3), a 1992 Chrysler New Yorker sedan driven by a 61 year-old male, was traveling southbound in the first lane. V2 and V3 were southbound when they were both struck on their left side by the front of V1. V2 came to final rest almost immediately, V3 continued in a southwesterly direction followed by V1 and then striking a fire hydrant with the front on the southwest corner of the intersection. Then V1 struck the rear of V3 they came to a final rest in this position. V1 and V3 were towed from the scene. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: this vehicle traveling; crossing over (passing through) intersection. The critical reason for the critical event was coded to V1 as a driver related factor: illegal maneuver (disregard traffic signal). The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded: other vehicle encroachment from crossing street across path. The critical reason was not coded to this vehicle. V3 was not involved in first harmful event. The critical reason was not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Aggressive Behavior, Decision present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Going straight
 3 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Crossing over (passing through) intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From crossing street, across path
 3 ：Other- Not involved first harmful event

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Illegal maneuver
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
 3 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
