Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This crash occurred shortly past noon involving two passenger cars at an intersection with traffic lights. The speed limit for the roadway is 54 kmph (35 mph). The road is a 4-lane divided (no positive barrier) concrete roadway for both vehicles. The road surface was dry and there were no detrimental atmospheric conditions at the time of the crash. Vehicle one (V1), a 1995 Mazda 626 driven by a 23 year-old male was traveling south attempting a left turn from the fourth lane of traffic at an intersection. Vehicle two (V2), a 2005 Chevrolet Equinox, driven by a 30 year-old female with one passenger was traveling north in the third lane. At the intersection, the front of V1 impacted with the front of V2. V2 rotated counter clockwise and moved further north. It came to rest in the northbound lanes, facing west. V1 rotated counter clockwise after the impact, and came to rest within the intersection, facing west. Both vehicles were towed from the scene. Both drivers refused medical treated by EMS at the scene.. The critical pre crash event for V1 was coded: this vehicle traveling, turning left at an intersection. The critical reason for the critical event was coded to V1 as a driver related factor: turned with obstructed view. This vehicle had a protected left turn arrow at the intersection. The driver had a limited view of V2 due to a vehicle stopped in the left turn lane of the northbound lanes. At the time of the crash the driver's light was amber, turning red. The driver of V2 stated she approached the intersection with the light being already amber. Both lights turned red a same time. The critical pre crash event for V2 was coded: other vehicle encroachment; from crossing street, across path. No critical reason for the critical event was coded to this vehicle. The line of sight was limited for this driver as well.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision, Roadway, Surveillance present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Decision, Drugs, Roadway, Surveillance present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Turning left at intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From crossing street, across path

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Turned with obstructed view
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
