Case Summary:
1    Case Summary Case Note: The driver of V1 did not speak English but a surrogate translator was used to obtain the interview. Case # 2005-04-064 The crash occurred in the intersection of a five-lane roadway controlled by a traffic control signal. Conditions were dark with minimal lighting in the evening on a weekday. The posted speed limit was 80 KMPH (50 MPH). The northbound lane had a >2% uphill grade. The southbound lane was level. V1 was a 1999 Toyota Corolla sedan traveling northbound in the third travel lane approaching an intersection controlled by a traffic control signal intending on turning left at the intersection. V2, a 2006 Chevy Colorado pickup, was traveling southbound in the 2nd travel lane approaching the same intersection intending on going straight. The front of V1 struck the front of V2 in the intersection. Both vehicles came to final rest facing southbound. V1 was driven by a 51-year-old male who sustained moderate injuries and was transported to a local hospital. He stated that he did not see V2. The driver did not take any avoidance actions and was traveling between 11-20 MPH at the time of impact. V1 was towed due to damage. The critical precrash event for V1 was this vehicle traveling, turning left at the intersection. The critical reason for the critical precrash event was a driver recognition error, inadequate surveillance, looked but did not see. Associated factors coded to this driver were other vehicle obscured by darkness and a roadway related factor, poorly lit. V2 was driven by a 41-year-old male who sustained moderate injuries and was transported to a local hospital. He stated that he was traveling southbound in the 2nd travel lane when he observed V1 turn in front of him. The driver of V2 applied the vehicles ABS then swerved right but was unable to avoid contact with V1. V2 was traveling between 41-50 MPH at the time of impact. V2 was towed due to damage. The critical precrash event for V2 was the other vehicle encroachment from opposite direction, over left lane line. No critical reason for the critical precrash event was coded to this vehicle
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Roadway, Surveillance present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Drugs present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Turning left
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Turning left at intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From opposite direction - over left lane line

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Inadequate surveillance (e.g., failed to look, looked but did not see)
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
