Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This crash occurred on an undivided two-lane street with no markings. Parking was permitted on the eastbound side of the street. The street was straight, level, and bituminous with a posted speed of 40 kmph (25 mph). It was late in the afternoon on a weekday. The road was dry and conditions were clear. V1 was a 2002 Volvo V70 XC station wagon driven by a 56-year-old female. V1 was traveling westbound when it crossed into the eastbound lane and impacted a legally parked 2004 Chevrolet 3500 straight truck. V1 sustained severe damage to the front end, deploying the safety systems. The Chevrolet truck sustained moderate damage to its front end. The Critical Pre-crash Event for V1 was "this vehicle traveling over the lane line on left side of travel lane." The Critical Reason for the Critical Pre-crash Event was "driver related factor, sleeping, that is actually asleep." The driver of V1 had fallen asleep while driving to her aikido class. There are multiple reasons for the severe fatigue of the driver. The driver had been working twelve hours per day for the previous three days, and her job had been extremely stressful. She had a high-pressure occupation and was handling multiple projects. Due to her long hours and heavy workload, she had been getting only 4 hours of sleep per night. Prior to these three days she was on vacation but was still continuing to complete work. She was also dealing with a death in her family, of a co-worker, and an acquaintance. The driver was also in a hurry to get to her class so that she could rest for a while before beginning. It should also be noted that this crash occurred less than half a mile from her destination.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Driver Fatigue, Driver Physical, Driver Stress/Emotion, Drugs present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Over the lane line on left side of travel lane

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Sleeping, that is, actually asleep
