Case Summary:
1    Case Summary The crash occurred on a two-way, two-lane, straight, level, bituminous roadway with a posted speed limit of 72 kmh (45 mph). Conditions at the time of the weekend evening crash were daylight, clear and dry. V1, a green Pontiac Bonneville, with an unidentified driver, was stopped westbound on the road behind a non-contact pick-up truck, which was behind V2. V2, a 2002 Ford Taurus 4 door was stopped westbound on the road waiting for eastbound traffic to clear to make a left turn into a private driveway. V2 began to proceed with the left turn across the eastbound lane. V1 pulled into the eastbound lane to pass the pick-up truck. V1 struck V2 in the left back. V1 left the scene of the crash continuing eastbound on the road. V2 rotated counterclockwise to final rest on the north shoulder past the driveway facing southwest. V2 was towed from the scene due to damage. The Critical Precrash Event coded to V1 was 'this vehicle traveling over the lane line on left side of the travel lane'. The Critical Reason for the Critical Event was coded 'aggressive driving'. Contributing or associated factors for this hit and run driver are unknown. V2, a 2002 Ford Taurus 4 door, driven by a 24 year-old female making a pizza delivery, was stopped westbound on the road, waiting for eastbound traffic to clear to make a left turn into a private driveway. Just as she had pulled out to the left, a car which was behind the truck behind her decided to pass the truck. The fully restrained driver of V2 was treated on the scene for injuries. The Critical Precrash Event coded to V2 was 'this vehicle turning left at intersection'. The Critical Reason was coded 'not coded to this vehicle'.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Aggressive Behavior present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Drugs present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Stopped in traffic lane
 2 ：Stopped in traffic lane

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Over the lane line on left side of travel lane
 2 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Turning left at intersection

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Aggressive driving behavior
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
