Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This single vehicle crash occurred at on a curved, uphill, bituminous, two-lane roadway that runs east to west and supports two-way traffic. The posted speed limit for this roadway was 56 kmph (35 mph). The road curves sharply to right (radius of 188 meters), at a slight uphill grade of 3%. The super elevation of this roadway was 2%. There were no adverse atmospheric conditions present at the time of the crash. Vehicle one (V1), a 1992 Chevrolet Cavalier was traveling eastbound in lane one. V1 departed the right side of the roadway, then re-entered the roadway, and then promptly departed the right side of the roadway for a second time. V1 then rolled one-quarter turn upon its longitudinal axis towards its left. The top of V1 then struck a tree and came to rest on its left side facing west off of the roadway. V1 was towed due to disabling damage. The driver of V1, a seventeen-year-old male was not interviewed. A witness was interviewed that was traveling behind V1 when it left the roadway. The witness indicated that V1 departed the roadway to the right and came back to the left and had to steer to the right again to avoid witness two who was northbound. When V1 steered right the second time it departed the roadway on the right and then impacted the tree. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: this vehicle traveling, off the edge of the road on the right side. The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded as a driver related factor: too fast for curve/turn. Overcompensation was an associative factor as was poor directional control.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Driver Performance, Drugs, Speed/Distance present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Negotiating a curve

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Off the edge of the road on the right side

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Too fast for curve/turn
