Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two vehicle crash occurred during early morning daylight hours on a three-lane (five overall), east-west roadway divided by a concrete median at the intersection of a four-lane (seven overall), north-south roadway divided by a concrete median. The intersection is controlled with tri-color traffic signals. The east-west roadway was straight, level, concrete with a posted speed of 56 kmph (35 mph). The north-south roadway was left curved south of the intersection, level, concrete with a posted speed of 48 kmph (30 mph). The roadway was dry and the sky was clear. Traffic flow was moderate. Vehicle one (V 1), a 1997 Chevrolet Lumina sedan driven by a 94 year-old male with one passenger was stopped eastbound in lane three. Vehicle two (V 2), a 1995 Honda Civic coupe driven by a 58 year-old male was traveling westbound in lane three. V 1 initiated a left turn and entered the intersection without a protected left turn arrow and was struck on the right side by the front of V 2. V 1 rotated counterclockwise and came to rest in the intersection facing northwest. V 2 rotated clockwise and came to rest in the intersection facing northwest. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: this vehicle traveling, turn left at intersection. The Critical reason was a driver related factor: type of driver error unknown. The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded; other vehicle encroachment, from opposite direction- over left lane line. The Critical reason was not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Roadway present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Roadway present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Stopped in traffic lane
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Turning left at intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From opposite direction - over left lane line

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Type of driver error unknown
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
