Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two-vehicle crash occurred during daylight hours in a four-legged, traffic signal-controlled intersection. The east/west roadway is level and straight and consists of two lanes in each direction. The speed limit on this roadway is 72 kmph (45 mph). It was raining at the time of the crash. Vehicle one (V1), a 2003 Subaru Impreza, was stopped eastbound in lane two, waiting to turn left. Vehicle two (V2), a 2001 Honda Accord, was westbound in lane one. A non-contact vehicle was in westbound lane two waiting to turn left. V1 entered the intersection and the front struck the front of V2. Both vehicles were towed due to damage. The driver of V1, a sixty-one-year-old female, was on her way home from the hospital. She was in fairly good health and familiar with her vehicle. She rarely travels this route. She takes a cholesterol medication daily. This driver stated that she had spent the night at the hospital where her husband was a patient. She stated that she did not see V2 because the non-contact vehicle blocked her view of westbound lane one, but that she thought her path was clear. She saw V2 when she was already in the intersection and applied the brakes in an attempt to avoid the crash. The driver of V2, a twenty-six-year-old female, was traveling from her home to the gym. She was healthy, well rested and familiar with her vehicle. She travels this route daily. This driver stated that the non-contact vehicle blocked her view also and she applied the brakes when she saw V1 just before the crash. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded as "this vehicle traveling; turning left at intersection." The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded as "driver related factor; turned with obstructed view." This driver's fatigue was an associated factor in this crash. The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded as "other vehicle encroachment; from opposite direction - over left lane line." The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event for V2 was "not coded to this vehicle."
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision, Distraction, Driver Fatigue, Driver Inexperience, Driver Stress/Emotion, Drugs, Roadway, Weather/Environment present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Roadway, Weather/Environment present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Stopped in traffic lane
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Turning left at intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From opposite direction - over left lane line

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Turned with obstructed view
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
