Case Summary:
1    Case Summary The two-vehicle crash occurred early evening on dark, dry, two-lane, S-curve, dirt & gravel road in an rural location. The road runs approximately north and south at this location and has no overhead lighting. The downgrade for southbound travel is 13% and the upgrade for northbound travel is 11%. The speed limit on the road is 32 kmph (20 mph) and there were no adverse weather conditions at the time. Vehicle one (V1), a 1991 Honda Accord sedan driven by a 18 year-old male with two passengers was traveling south on a left curve in the middle of the 6.9-meter (22.6 feet) wide gravel road. Vehicle two (V2) a 1994 Ford Explorer SUV driven by a 19 year-old female with one passenger was north on the right side of the road on a left curve entering a straight part of the road. V1 was cutting the corner while traveling around the curve and impacted its front to V2's front, in a sideswipe type impact. V1 traveled to final rest to the east side of the road and stopped on its wheels. V2 came to rest on its wheels facing north near the point of impact. V2 was towed from the scene, V1 left under own power. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: this vehicle traveling, over the lane line on the left side of travel lane. The critical reason for the critical event was coded to V1 as a driver related factor: too fast for curve/turn. The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded: other vehicle encroachment; from opposite direction, over left lane line. The critical reason was not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Aggressive Behavior, Decision, Driver Inexperience, Driver Performance, Roadway, Surveillance present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Roadway present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Negotiating a curve
 2 ：Negotiating a curve

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Over the lane line on left side of travel lane
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From opposite direction - over left lane line

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Too fast for curve/turn
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
