Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two-vehicle crash occurred in a four-legged, traffic signal-controlled intersection. The north/south roadway is undivided, level and straight and consists of two lanes in each direction and a left turn lane at the intersection. The speed limit on this roadway is 72 kmph (45 mph). The east/west roadway is undivided and straight and consists of one lane in each direction. This roadway has a downhill grade in the westbound direction. The speed limit on this roadway is 40 kmph (25 mph). It was dark with streetlights on at the time of the crash with no adverse atmospheric conditions. Vehicle one (V1), a 2003 Toyota Tundra, was southbound in lane one. Vehicle two (V2), a 2003 Toyota Camry, was westbound in lane one. In the intersection, the front of V2 struck the left side of V1. Both vehicles were towed due to damage. The driver of V1, a twenty-one-year-old male, was traveling from a store to his home with a female passenger. He was healthy, well rested and comfortable with his vehicle and his passenger. He travels this route weekly. This driver stated that he was reaching for his soft drink after it had fallen to the floor. When he looked back at the roadway, he was already in the intersection and steered to the right in an attempt to avoid the crash. The driver of V2, a seventy-three-year-old female, was not interviewed. No further information is available for this driver. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded as "this vehicle traveling; crossing over (passing through) intersection." The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded as "driver related factor; internal distraction." The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded as "other vehicle encroachment; from crossing street, across path." The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event for V2 was "not coded to this vehicle."
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision, Distraction present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Crossing over (passing through) intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From crossing street, across path

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Internal distraction
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
