Case Summary:
1    Case Summary The two-vehicle crash occurred at the intersection of a five-lane divided roadway and a four-lane undivided roadway. For southbound traffic there is three travel lanes. For eastbound traffic there is four travel lanes. Southbound traffic has a curve to the left before the intersection. Both roads were wet, traveled concrete. The posted speed limit is 56 kmph (35 mph). Traffic was moderate at the time of the crash. There was rain falling at the time. This crash occurred during daylight hours with clouds. The traffic signals at the intersection were not functioning at the time because of the storm. . Vehicle one, a 1999 Toyota 4-Runner, was southbound in the second travel lane. Vehicle two, a 1993 Nissan Altima, was eastbound in the second travel lane. Vehicle one entered the intersection and the front of vehicle one impacted the left side of vehicle two. Vehicle one was redirected slightly to the east and continued southbound. Vehicle one came to rest facing south, south of the intersection. Vehicle two rotated counterclockwise and came to rest facing north in the intersection. Both vehicles were towed due to damage. The driver of vehicle one, an eighteen-year-old male was heading to work from a friends house at the time of the crash. This driver had been driving for about five minutes at the time of the crash. This driver stated that he saw the light turn green and proceeded into the intersection, although the signals were inoperative at this time. This driver drives this vehicle daily and drives the route daily. The driver of vehicle two, a thirty-nine year old male was heading home from work at the time of the crash. This driver had been driving for about five minutes at the time of the crash. This driver stated that he noted that the signals were not functioning and had been stopped for 1-2 seconds prior to entering the intersection. He accelerated when he noticed that vehicle one was not stopping. This driver is not licensed to drive. This driver drives this vehicle daily and over this road on a weekly basis. The critical pre-crash event for vehicle one was coded as "this vehicle traveling: passing through intersection". The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event was attributed to vehicle one and was coded as "driver related factor: inadequate surveillance, looked but did not see". The critical pre-crash event for vehicle two was coded as "other vehicle encroachment: from crossing street across path". The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event for vehicle two was coded as "not coded to this vehicle".
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision, Roadway, Surveillance, Weather/Environment present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Decision, Roadway, Surveillance, Traffic, Weather/Environment present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Negotiating a curve
 2 ：Stopped in traffic lane

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Crossing over (passing through) intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From crossing street, across path

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Inadequate surveillance (e.g., failed to look, looked but did not see)
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
