Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This crash occurred in the afternoon of a weekday in the middle of an urban intersection between a one-way roadway and a two-way roadway. The intersection consisted of a one-way westbound roadway and a two-way north-south roadway. The westbound roadway was controlled by a stop sign. Both roadways were dry, straight, level and had a speed limit of 48 kmph (30 mph). The traffic flow was normal and there were no adverse atmospheric conditions at the time of the crash. V1, a 1998 Dodge B-series large passenger van with six occupants, was stopped facing west preparing to continue through the intersection. V2, a 2000 Ford Crown Victoria with four occupants was southbound approaching the same intersection where it intended to continue straight. As both vehicles entered the intersection, the front plane of V1 impacted the left side of V2. V1 came to a final rest within a few meters from the location of the impact. V2 came to a final rest on the sidewalk on the south/west corner. The driver of V1, a 60 year-old male, was uninjured in the crash. Four of the occupants in the passenger section of the van suffered minor injuries and were transported for treatment. The driver refused to participate in the study. The Critical Precrash Event for V1 was coded this vehicle traveling, crossing over (passing through) intersection. The Critical Reason for the Critical Event was a driver related factor, inadequate surveillance (looked but did not see). There were no known associated factors coded to V1 as the driver refused to be interviewed regarding the crash. The driver of V2, a 35 year-old male, sustained minor injuries and was transported to a medical facility. The three other occupants of V2 also suffered minor injuries and were transported for treatment. This driver also refused to participate in the study. The Critical Precrash Event for V2 was coded other vehicle encroachment, from crossing street across path. The Critical Reason for the Critical Event was not coded to this driver. There are no known associated factors coded to V2 since no interview could be obtained.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Surveillance present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Stopped in traffic lane
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Crossing over (passing through) intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From crossing street, across path

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Inadequate surveillance (e.g., failed to look, looked but did not see)
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
