Case Summary:
1    Case Summary The two-vehicle crash occurred on a seven-lane, divided, north/south roadway at the intersection with a six-lane, divided, east/west roadway. There are four travel lanes for southbound traffic. There are four travel lanes for northbound traffic. The roadway was straight, level, dry and of concrete construction. Overhead traffic control lights control traffic at the intersection. The posted speed limit is 56 kph (35 mph). Traffic was light at the time of the crash. This crash occurred during daylight hours with clear skies. Vehicle one (V1), a 2002 Toyota Camry, was southbound in the fourth travel lane, a left turn only lane. Vehicle two (V2), a 1994 Nissan Altima, was northbound in the second travel lane. V1 entered the intersection to make a left turn and the front of V2 struck the right side of V1. V1 rotated clockwise, rolled over onto its left side and came to rest on its left side in the eastbound lanes facing west. V2 rotated clockwise and came to rest facing northeast in the intersection. Both vehicles were towed due to damage. The driver of V1 received treatment at the scene. The driver of V1, an eighteen year-old male, was heading from home to school. This driver had been driving for about five minutes, drives the route daily and is familiar with the vehicle. The driver stated the light was green, but there was no protected left arrow. He stated that he stopped for 3-4 seconds prior to entering the intersection. He also stated that he did not see V2 prior to impact and did not attempt any evasive maneuvers. There were no sight restrictions at the intersection. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: this vehicle traveling-turning left at intersection. The critical reason for V1 was coded: driver related factor-inadequate surveillance. The driver is inexperienced, having been driving for only six months. . The driver of V2, a twenty-six year old male, was heading from home to work. This driver had been driving for about three minutes, drives the route daily and is familiar with the vehicle. The driver stated the light was green. He stated that he detected V1 until he had entered the intersection. He did not have time to attempt any evasive maneuvers. He was inattentive to the driving task and failed to look far enough ahead. The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded: other vehicle encroachment-from opposite direction, over left lane line. The critical reason for V2 was coded: not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Driver Inexperience, Surveillance present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Distraction, Surveillance present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Turning left at intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From opposite direction - over left lane line

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Inadequate surveillance (e.g., failed to look, looked but did not see)
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
