Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two-vehicle crash occurred on an undivided, level, two-lane roadway. This roadway curves left in the southbound direction. The speed limit for this roadway is 89 kmph (55 mph). This crash occurred during daylight hours with no adverse atmospheric conditions. Vehicle one (V1), a 2005 Chevrolet K1500 pickup, was northbound in lane one. Vehicle two (V2), a 1994 Chevrolet C1500 pickup, was southbound in lane one. V1 traveled over the double center lane lines and the front struck the left side of V2. V2 traveled off the right side of the roadway and the front struck a tree. V2 was towed due to damage. The driver of V1, a fifty-year-old male, was not interviewed. No information is available for this driver. The driver of V2, a sixty-eight-year-old male, was traveling from a nearby town to his home. He was healthy, well rested and familiar with his vehicle. He drives this roadway monthly. This driver stated that he saw V1 crossing the center lane and steered to the right but was unable to avoid a collision. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: this vehicle traveling, over the lane line on left side of travel lane. The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded as a driver related factor: type of driver error unknown. The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded: other vehicle encroachment; from opposite direction - over left lane line. The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event was not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 2:  Drugs present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Negotiating a curve
 2 ：Negotiating a curve

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Over the lane line on left side of travel lane
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From opposite direction - over left lane line

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Type of driver error unknown
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
