Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two-vehicle crash occurred during daylight hours on a two-way, two-lane roadway, which was not physically divided. There were no signals associated with this particular stretch of roadway. The bituminous roadway was straight and had a slight negative grade for vehicle one (V1), and a slight positive grade for vehicle two (V2). The posted speed limit for the roadway was 56kmph (35mph). There were no adverse atmospheric conditions at the time of the crash, and the roadway was dry. Vehicle one, a 2003 Ford Windstar, was traveling south in lane one of the roadway, intending to make a left into a parking lot. Vehicle two, a 2000 Ford Focus, was traveling north on the roadway, intending to continue straight. The front of V1 contacted the left side of V2. Vehicle one came to a controlled stop off of the roadway in the parking lot facing east. Vehicle two continued forward about 5 meters and came to final rest facing north also in the parking lot. Vehicle one could have been driven from the scene, while vehicle two had to be removed from the scene due to damage. The driver of vehicle one, a 48 year-old female, did not suffer any injuries as a result of the crash. There was one other uninjured occupant in the vehicle when the crash occurred. Numerous attempts could not yield an interview with this driver. It is therefore uncertain what specific precrash factors contributed to this crash. Through evidence at the scene and information contained in the police report, the Critical Precrash Event coded to this vehicle was: “this vehicle traveling turning left at intersection”. The Critical Reason was coded as: “type of driver error unknown. The driver of vehicle two, a 78 year-old female, suffered possible injuries as a result of the crash, and was transported to a medical facility for observation. There were no other occupants in the vehicle at the time of the crash. An interview with this driver could not be obtained, therefore, it is unknown if any fatigue or health related issues contributed to this crash. The Critical Precrash Event coded to this vehicle was: “other vehicle encroachment from opposite direction over left lane line”. The Critical Reason was “not coded to this vehicle”. No associated factors could be coded to this vehicle at this time.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 2:  Drugs present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Decelerating in traffic lane
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Turning left at intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From opposite direction - over left lane line

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Type of driver error unknown
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
