Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two-vehicle crash occurred in a four-legged, traffic signal-controlled intersection. The trafficway east of the intersection is level and divided by a curbed median. The westbound approach lanes are curved to the right and consist of one left turn lane and one right turn lane. The eastbound approach roadway is one-way, straight, has a downhill grade and consists of two through lanes, one left turn lane and one right turn lane. The speed limit for this roadway is 72 kmph (45 mph). It was dawn and foggy at the time of the crash. Vehicle one (V1), a 1995 Cadillac Deville, was stopped westbound in lane two. Vehicle two (V2), a 2006 Dodge Stratus, was eastbound in lane three. There was a large truck in eastbound lane four, turning left. V1 entered the intersection, turning left and the front struck the left side of V2. Both vehicles were towed due to damage. The driver of V1, a thirty-four-year-old male, was on his way to work from his home. He was healthy, well rested and familiar with his vehicle and his route. He stated that he did not see V2 prior to the crash due to the truck in eastbound lane four. The driver of V2, a thirty-nine-year-old male, was on his way to work from his home. He was healthy, well rested and familiar with his vehicle and his route. This driver stated that he did not see V1 prior to the crash. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded as "this vehicle traveling; turning left at intersection." The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded as "driver related factor; turned with obstructed view." The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded as "other vehicle encroachment; from opposite direction - over left lane line." The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event for V2 was "not coded to this vehicle."
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision, Roadway, Surveillance, Weather/Environment present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Drugs, Roadway, Surveillance, Weather/Environment present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Stopped in traffic lane
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Turning left at intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From opposite direction - over left lane line

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Turned with obstructed view
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
