Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two vehicle crash occurred shortly before noon during daylight hours on a two lane asphalt roadway. This roadway runs north to south and has a posted speed of 40 kmph (25 mph).with a left hand curve when going north. The roadway was wet and light rain was falling at the time of this crash. There is a driveway accesses to a shopping mall and is controlled by a stop sign. Vehicle one (V1), a 1994 Chevrolet S-10 pickup, driven by a 52 year-old male with one passenger was exiting the shopping mall and stopped at the stop sign. The driver looked right and saw a small vehicle go around the stopped tractor-trailer on the west side of the roadway. Just then a non-contact vehicle crossed in front of V1 going north and proceeded to enter the roadway to go south. As V1 started into this roadway it was impacted on the front left corner by Vehicle two (V2), a 2002 Ford F-650 flatbed wrecker, which was traveling north in the right lane. V1 rotated clockwise and came to rest on the northbound shoulder heading in a easterly direction. V1 was towed for disabling damage. V2 came to final rest on the roadway facing north. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: this vehicle traveling, turning left at intersection. The critical reason for the critical event was coded to V1 as a driver related factor: inadequate surveillance. The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded: other vehicle encroachment; from crossing street- across path. The critical reason was not coded to this vehicle. Associative factors: the roadway was wet and it was raining at the time of this crash. The commercial tractor/trailer had parked on the southbound shoulder taking up half of the southbound lane.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Distraction, Driver Inexperience, Driver Physical, Drugs, Surveillance, Weather/Environment present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Decision, Distraction, Drugs, Weather/Environment present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Accelerating in traffic lane
 2 ：Decelerating in traffic lane

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Turning left at intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From crossing street, across path

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Inadequate surveillance (e.g., failed to look, looked but did not see)
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
