Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two-vehicle crash occurred during daylight hours with no adverse atmospheric conditions. The crash occurred at an intersection controlled with traffic signals (on color). The east to west roadway is a four lane two way undivided, straight and level roadway. The speed limit is 40 kmph (25 mph). The north to south roadway also is a four lane two way, undivided, straight and level roadway. The speed limit is 56 kmph (35 mph). Vehicle one (V1), a 2004 Lincoln Aviator with one occupant, was westbound in lane one. Vehicle two (V2), a 1993 Chevrolet Geo Tracker with one occupant, was southbound in lane one. Both vehicles entered the intersection and the front of V2 struck the right side of V1. V1 rolled one-quarter turn to the right before coming to rest in the intersection. Both vehicles were towed from the scene. The driver of V1, a thirty-one year-old healthy female was traveling to the municipal court building to pay a ticket. She stated that she noticed a parking space become available in front of the building as a vehicle was backing out of the parking space. She was attempting to get to the space when her vehicle was struck by V2. She rarely drives this roadway but is familiar with the vehicle. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: "other vehicle encroachment-from crossing street, across path." The critical reason was not coded to V1. Associated factors for this driver were the external distraction (her focus on the parking space) and her illegal maneuver (running a red light). The driver of V2, a healthy thirty-five year-old male was traveling to a paint store for work related errand. He stated that as he entered the intersection V1 came in front of him and they crashed. He never saw V1 prior to impact. He drives the route daily and is familiar with the vehicle. The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded "this vehicle traveling, crossing over (passing through) intersection. The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded as "driver related factor; inadequate surveillance (e.g. failed to look, looked but did not see)."
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision, Distraction, Driver Inexperience, Surveillance present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Surveillance present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From crossing street, across path
 2 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Crossing over (passing through) intersection

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
 2 ：Driver Related Factor- Inadequate surveillance (e.g., failed to look, looked but did not see)
