Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two-vehicle crash occurred during mid-morning hours. During daylight at a four way intersection that has the eastbound traffic controlled by a stop sign,the roadway was wet and free of defects. Southbound has four travel lanes eastbound two. There were no adverse atmospheric conditions at that time. Vehicle one (V1), a 1999 Oldsmobile Silhouette passenger van driven by a 62 year-old female with one passenger was stopped for a stop sign, facing eastbound in the right lane preparing to turn right. Vehicle two (V2) a 2002 Chevrolet half-ton Silverado pick-up driven by a 27 year-old male with one passenger was traveling southbound in the second lane approaching the intersection. V1 attempted to make a right turn into the path of V2. As V1 made its turn, it was struck on the left side by the front of V2. Both vehicles moved southeast and departed the road onto the east curb. On the roadside, the front of V1 impacted a wrought-iron fence. Both vehicles came to rest off the roadway. Both V1 and V2 were towed from the scene due to damage sustained in the collision. The driver of V1 was transported to the hospital for treatment. The driver of V1 was well rested but unfamiliar with the area. She takes the prescription medication Lescol, a cholesterol reduction drug. During the interview she stated that she had a clear, unobstructed view of roadway, but did not see V2. The 27-year-old male driver of V2 was well rested and familiar with area. During the interview he stated that he was looking at a crowd of people to his left and as looked back V1 turned into his lane, V2 applied his brakes but was unable to stop in time. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: this vehicle traveling, turning right at intersection. The critical reason for the critical event was coded as a driver related factor: inattention (i.e., daydreaming). The driver was talking on a cell phone and also with the passenger getting directions. An additional factor was that the driver was unfamiliar with area, inattention. The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded: other vehicle encroachment; from crossing street, turning into same direction. The critical reason was not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Cell Phone Use, Decision, Distraction, Driver Inexperience, Drugs, Surveillance, Weather/Environment present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Weather/Environment present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Turning right
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Turning right at intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From crossing street, turning into same direction

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Inattention (i.e., daydreaming)
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
