Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two vehicle crash occurred during morning daylight hours on an urban two lane dry asphalt roadway that was under construction at the time of the crash. The crash involved two vehicles one passenger car and a pick-up truck. The posted speed limit on the roadway is 56 kmph (35 mph) The posted advisory speed limit is posted 40 kmph (25 mph) due to the construction in the area. There were"Keep Right" lane-use regulatory signs and temporary orange and white striped markers with flashing lights attached, posted at intervals to act as lane-use control while driving through the construction area. There was one travel lane available in each direction. The weather at the time was cloudy . Vehicle one (V1) a 1989 Nissan Maxima driven by a 26 year-old male with five passengers was traveling westbound The vehicle was traveling in the only lane designated for that direction of travel. Vehicle two (V2), a 1991 Ford Ranger pickup driven by a 37 year-old male was traveling eastbound on the same roadway in the only lane designated for that direction of travel. The driver of V1 was attempting to elude immigration officers that were attempting to conduct a traffic stop on the vehicle he was driving. V1 traveled across the left lane line and its front impacted the left side of V2 The impact caused V1, to rotate counterclockwise coming to rest in the eastbound lane facing in an southeasterly direction. The impact caused V2 to rotate clockwise coming to rest in the hard pack dirt to the south facing in a southerly direction. Both vehicles were towed from the scene. The driver of V1 was located and placed under arrest for leaving the scene of a non-injury crash, endangerment and reckless driving. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: this vehicle traveling, over the lane line on left side of travel lane. The critical reason for the critical pre crash event was coded to V1 as a driver related factor: aggressive driving behavior. The driver was attempting to avoid being stopped by immigration officers. Prior to the crash, the driver was speeding and failed to stop for a stop sign. He was unable to maintain control of his vehicle and crossed into the on-coming lane of traffic. The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded: other vehicle encroachment; from opposite direction- over the left lane line. The critical reason was not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Aggressive Behavior, Decision, Driver Performance, Driver Stress/Emotion, Speed/Distance, Traffic present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Driver Fatigue, Traffic present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Over the lane line on left side of travel lane
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From opposite direction - over left lane line

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Aggressive driving behavior
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
