Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two-vehicle crash occurred on a north/south, two lane, undivided, straight, level roadway. The roadway intersects an east/west, two lane, undivided, straight, level roadway. The speed limit was 56 kmph (35 mph). This crash occurred at night with light traffic. The residential roadway is illuminated at night by overhead lights. There were no adverse weather conditions at the time of the crash. Traffic at the intersection is controlled by stop signs. Vehicle one (V1), a 1991 Nissan Sentra with one occupant, was northbound in lane one. Vehicle two (V2), a 1996 Chevrolet Silverado with three occupants, was stopped at a stop sign northbound in lane one ahead of V1. V1 failed to stop behind V2 and the front of V1 struck the back of V2. V1 was towed due to damage. The driver of V1, a thirty-one year-old male, refused to be interviewed at the scene. The police report indicates the driver was legally intoxicated from an administered breathalyzer test. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded as "other motor vehicle in lane: other vehicle stopped". The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded as "driver related factor-type of driver error unknown". The driver of V2, a twenty-eight year-old male, traveling with a thirty-three year-old male and a twenty-eight year-old male, was not interviewed. The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded as "other motor vehicle in lane; traveling in the same direction with higher speed". The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event for V2 was "not coded to this vehicle".
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Alcohol present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Other vehicle stopped
 2 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Traveling in same direction with higher speed

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Type of driver error unknown
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
