Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This crash occurred in the intersection of a five lane highway that is divided by a grass median. There are three northbound lanes, two straight and one left turn and there are three southbound lanes, two straight and one right turn. This was a straight level, bituminous roadway with a posted speed limit of 89 kmph (55mph). It was mid-evening on a weekday and the roads were dry. Traffic flow was at a minimum. V1, a 2001 Kia Optima with 4 doors and one occupant, was in the northbound left turn lane at the intersection in lane three. V2, a 1985 Jeep Laredo with only one occupant was traveling in lane two in the southbound lane, crossing through the intersection. V3, a 1991 Mercury Cougar with 2 occupants was sitting at the intersection in lane two waiting for the green light. V1 turned left and V2's front hit V1's right side. V1 rotated about 30 degrees and V1's left side contacted V3's front. V1 was driven by a 25 year-old female who was not injured. Numerous attempts to get in contact with drivers have turned up unsuccessful. The Critical Precrash Event for V1 was “this vehicle was turning left at intersection”. The Critical Reason for the Critical Precrash event was “unknown recognition error”. V2 was driven by a 60 year-old male who was also not injured. Numerous attempts to get in contact with drivers have turned up unsuccessful. The Critical Precrash Event for V2 was “other motor vehicle encroachment from opposite direction - over left lane line”. The Critical Reason was not coded to this vehicle V3 was not involved in the first harmful event. Therefore, no Critical Precrash Event or Critical Reason was coded to the driver of the Cougar.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:


Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Decelerating in traffic lane
 2 ：Going straight
 3 ：Stopped in traffic lane

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Turning left at intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From opposite direction - over left lane line
 3 ：Other- Not involved first harmful event

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Unknown recognition error
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
 3 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
