Case Summary:
1    Case Summary The crash occurred in the southbound lanes of a high-occupancy, high volume interstate. There were five southbound lanes with paved emergency shoulders on both sides of the roadway. There were concrete barriers on both sides of the roadway. The bituminous roadway was straight and level with a posted speed limit of 105kmph (65mph). The traffic flow was normal and conditions were clear on weekend night. V1, a 1994 Toyota Corolla, was southbound in the high-occupancy lane (lane 5) traveling approximately 105kmph. As traffic ahead of V1 came to a stop due to a nearby crash. V1 steered left and braked to avoid impacting the car in front of her. The driver was able to avoid the vehicle in front of her but struck the left side concrete barrier with front left corner of the vehicle. V1 than bounced off the wall to the right and traveled across four lanes of traffic where it came to final rest. V1 was driven by a 35-year-old female who had left her house about 10 minutes prior to the crash and was on her way to a neighboring city. She stated the vehicle in front of her stopped suddenly causing her slam on her brakes and steer left. The driver was transported to a local hospital with incapacitating injures. V1 was towed due to damages. The Critical Precrash Event for V1 was coded this vehicle traveling, off the edge of the road on the left side. The Critical Event was a driver related factor, a decision error, following too closely to respond to unexpected actions of another driver. The associative factors for this crash include traveling too fast for conditions and following too closely as well as a traffic flow interruption, previous crash nearby.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision, Drugs, Speed/Distance, Traffic present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Off the edge of the road on the left side

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Following too closely to respond to unexpected actions
