Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This collision occurred at the intersection of a two lane, two way, undivided concrete roadway and a three lane, two way, undivided asphalt roadway. Both roads were dry, traveled and level. The posted speed limit was 48 kmph (30 mph). Traffic was light at the time of the collision. There were no adverse weather conditions. The crash occurred just before noon on a sunny, clear day. Vehicle one (V1) was a 1987 GMC Sierra southbound in the first lane. Vehicle two (V2) was a 1998 Chevrolet Malibu negotiating a left curve northwest bound in the first lane. V1 slowed for the stop sign and then proceeded through without the right of way and it's front struck the front of V2. V1 rotated counterclockwise and came to rest in the roadway facing east. V2 rotated clockwise and came to rest in the roadway facing east. The driver of V1 was a 17 year old male who was traveling with two passengers, a 21 year old and a 17 year old both male. They were on their way to his house after coming from a friends home. The driver stated there was no conversation taking place and he was looking straight ahead. He entered the intersection traveling at a constant velocity and did not stop for the posted stop sign. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: this vehicle traveling, crossing over (passing through) intersection. The critical reason for the critical event was attributed to V1 as driver related factor: illegal maneuver. The driver of V2 was a 22 year old male who was traveling with a 55 year old female passenger. No interview was obtained for this driver. The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded: other vehicle encroachment; from crossing street, across path. The critical reason was not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Aggressive Behavior, Decision, Distraction, Surveillance present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Crossing over (passing through) intersection
 2 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Turning left at intersection

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Illegal maneuver
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
