Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two-vehicle crash occurred shortly past noon at an intersection controlled by on-color traffic signal, The roadway is concrete dry and free of defects with three lanes in each direction. There were no adverse atmospheric conditions at that time. The posted speed limit is 48 kmph (30 mph). Vehicle one (V1), a 2004 Suzuki Verona sedan driven by a 22 year-old female was traveling westbound in the second lane of a three-lane, one-way roadway. Vehicle two (V2), a 2005 Ford E-150 van driven by a 74 year-old male was traveling southbound in the second lane of a three-lane, one-way, roadway. The driver of V1 stated her light had turned yellow as she entered the intersection. When V1 entered the intersection, its front struck the left side of V2. V1 rotated counter clockwise and came to rest off the roadway facing south, south of the point of impact. V2 continued along its pre-impact path and came to rest in the roadway facing southward, south of the point of impact. V1 was towed from the scene due to damage sustained in the collision. V2 was driven from the scene without disabling damage. Neither driver was transported to the hospital for treatment. The driver of V1 stated that she did not see V2 until she was in the intersection. She was unable to take any evasive action. She received no citations. The driver of V1 stated that she intentionally entered the intersection with a red light. She was commuting from school and had to be somewhere at a specific time. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: this vehicle traveling; crossing over (passing through) intersection. The critical reason for the critical event was coded to V1 as a driver related factor: inadequate surveillance (e.g. failed to look, looked but did not see). An associative factor was the illegal maneuver, for disregard of traffic signal. The pre-event movement for V2 coded going straight, category other vehicle encroachment from across street across path. Critical reason not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Aggressive Behavior, Decision, Surveillance present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Driver Physical, Drugs present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Crossing over (passing through) intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From crossing street, across path

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Inadequate surveillance (e.g., failed to look, looked but did not see)
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
