Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two-vehicle crash occurred on a north/south, seven lane, divided, straight roadway with a -3.3% grade for southbound traffic. The speed limit is 56 kph (35 mph). The roadway intersects an east/west, two lane, undivided, level roadway. The southbound lanes consist of three through lanes and a left turn lane. Both roadways are of concrete construction. East/west traffic is controlled by stop signs prior to entering the intersection. This crash occurred during daylight hours with light traffic. There were no adverse weather conditions at the time of the crash. Vehicle one (V1), a 1999 Mercury Villager with one occupant, was westbound, had stopped at the stop sign with the intention of turning left to proceed south. Vehicle two (V2), a 2001 GMC Yukon XL with four occupants, was southbound in lane three. V1 entered the intersection attempting the left turn when the right side of V1 struck the left side of V2. V1 was not disabled; V2 was towed due to damage. None of the occupants was transported. The driver of V1, a forty-two year-old male, was traveling from home to work. He was well rested, in good health and comfortable with his vehicle. He drives this route daily. This driver stated that he did not see V2 when he entered the intersection. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded as "this vehicle traveling- turning left at intersection”. The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded as "driver related factor-inadequate surveillance”. The driver of V2, a thirty-four year-old female with three passengers, was traveling from home to a grocery store. She was well rested, in good health and comfortable with her vehicle. She drives this route daily. The driver stated that she assumed V1 would yield the right-of-way. Just prior to impact she braked and steered right. The driver was three months pregnant. She does not possess a valid driver's license. The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded as "other vehicle encroachment- from crossing street, turning into same direction”. The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event for V2 was "not coded to this vehicle”.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Surveillance present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Decision present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Stopped in traffic lane
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Turning left at intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From crossing street, turning into same direction

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Inadequate surveillance (e.g., failed to look, looked but did not see)
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
