Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This one-vehicle crash occurred during early morning daylight hours on a four-lane undivided east/west roadway surface asphalt and dry. The road consists of two westbound lanes and two eastbound lanes divided by a striped line. The two inner lanes are bordered by large concrete/steel pillars, spaced at intervals of approximately 15 meters (50 ft). Mounted atop these pillars is an elevated train track that runs east/west above the roadway. The speed limit is 48 kmph (30 mph). Vehicle one,(V1) a 1993 Pontiac Sunbird sedan driven by a 22 year-old male was traveling westbound in the second lane. For unknown reasons, the vehicle began drifting to the left and entered the opposite direction traffic lane. The vehicle continued drifting and began to enter the area between lanes three and four when its left side sideswiped the concrete base of a pillar. The vehicle continued on its trajectory and the front contacted the subsequent pillar. V1 came to rest at this approximate point of impact. It was towed due to damage and the driver was transported with a non-incapacitating injury. The driver had been driving for approximately 6 years. He was familiar with the roadway, but had only driven the vehicle 2-3 times prior to the crash. The vehicle belonged to his girlfriend who had owned it for roughly three weeks. The night prior he had gone to sleep at 1:00 a.m. and risen at 5:45 a.m. The driver had traveled roughly five miles before the crash occurred. He was on his was to his girlfriend's home to pick up his children to take them to school. He stated another vehicle came towards him and, "swerved him over". No other vehicle was mentioned in the police report and the angle of trajectory from the first contact pillar to final rest appeared very shallow. The pre-event movement for V1 coded going straight, category this vehicle traveling over the lane line on the left side of travel lane. Critical reason for the critical event coded driver related factor "unknown critical non-performance". Additional factor,due to the driver receiving less than five hours of sleep, it is possible the driver fell asleep at the wheel.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Driver Fatigue, Driver Performance present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Over the lane line on left side of travel lane

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Unknown critical non-performance
