Case Summary:
1    Case Summary V1, a mid 90's Ford Taurus, was traveling southbound on a five-lane, two way, icy, asphalt roadway in dark-lighted conditions. V1 was approaching a 4-way intersection intending to go straight. V2, a 1997 Dodge Caravan, was traveling eastbound on a similar roadway approaching the same intersection. The posted speed limit on both roadways was 56 kmph (35 mph). V2 was also intending to go straight through the intersection. V1 failed to stop for the traffic control device and the front of V1 contacted the left side of V2. V2 came to final rest in the roadway. V1 did not stop. The driver of V1 was an unidentified male in his mid-40's. It is unknown if he was injured or if he had any health-related problems. The Critical Pre-crash Event for the driver of V1 was this vehicle crossing over (passing through) intersection. The Critical Reason for the Critical Pre-crash Event was coded as an illegal maneuver. The driver of V2 was a 31-year old male who reported that he had been traveling between 67-80kmph (41-50mph) prior to the crash. He had a history of depression and was taking medication for it. He was rested and traveling to the passenger's house. He was wearing his prescribed lenses that corrected a myopic (near-sighted) condition. He was uninjured and refused treatment. The Critical Pre-crash Event for the driver of V2 was other vehicle encroachment from crossing street, across path. The Critical Reason for the Critical Pre-crash Event was not coded to the driver of V2. Associated factors coded to this driver include medication for depression, conversation with a passenger, and traveling too fast - by his own admission, the driver of V2 stated that he had been traveling 41-50 mph in a 35 mph zone.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision, Roadway present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Distraction, Driver Physical, Drugs, Roadway, Speed/Distance present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Crossing over (passing through) intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From crossing street, across path

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Illegal maneuver
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
