Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two vehicle daytime collision occurred during morning daylight hours. The collision occurred heading westbound on a two lane undivided roadway. The pre-crash roadway for all vehicles is straight and level, dry concrete paving. The roadway has a posted speed limit of 56 kmph (35 mph). Vehicle one (V1), a 2001 Kia Rio sedan driven by a 21 year-old male, was traveling westbound on the roadway in lane 1. Vehicle two (V2), a 1999 Volvo 940 station wagon driven by a 42 year-old male, was also traveling westbound in lane 1. V2 braked for a cat that was crossing the roadway. V1 did not stop in time and the front of V1 impacted the rear of V2, Neither driver was transported. V2 was driven from scene and V1 arranged for a private tow. The driver of V1 stated he was tired and should have not been driving. But due to a friend needing a ride on short notice he took her to the airport. On his way back home and he was following V2 but didn't remember doing that or why the vehicle slowed down, he remembered seeing him at the last second and slammed on the brakes then he felt the burn from the airbags. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: other vehicle in lane, traveling in same direction while decelerating. The critical reason for the critical event was attributed to V1 as a driver related factor: Inattention (i.e., daydreaming). Fatigue was an additional factor. The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded: other motor vehicle in lane, traveling in same direction with higher speed. The critical reason for the critical event was not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision, Distraction, Driver Fatigue, Driver Inexperience, Speed/Distance, Surveillance present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Distraction, Driver Inexperience present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Avoidance maneuver to a previous critical event

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Traveling in same direction while decelerating
 2 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Traveling in same direction with higher speed

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Inattention (i.e., daydreaming)
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
