Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This crash occurred on a 4 lane positively divided roadway as the roadway went from four lanes to two lanes going from a precrash grade of -3.7% to a 3.8% grade. The roadway slightly curved to the left as the lanes reduced and then curved further to the left. The superelevation was .2%. The roadway was wet and it was raining. This crash occurred on a weekday night. Vehicle #1, a 2003 Honda S2000 Convertible , was traveling north in lane two passing uninvolved vehicles prior to the road reduction. After the roadway reduction, vehicle #1 went off the roadway to the right, impacted with an delineator with it's front, riding up a down turned end of a guardrail, vehicle started to roll to the right and went airborne, striking large branch before landing, as it rolled over two ¼ turns, slid backwards down an embankment over several downed trees, coming to final rest on its roof facing up the embankment in a northwest direction. The embankment at the area of the rollover was negative 48%. The vehicle was towed due to damage. The driver of Vehicle #1, a belted 46 year old male, was pronounced dead at the scene. Interviews with a surrogate and a witness revealed the driver normally drove a bit fast and was trying to pass the uninvolved vehicles before the roadway narrowed. The surrogate stated this driver was not known to have any prior physical conditions and did not take prescription medications nor did he wear prescription glasses. The Critical Precrash Event coded to Vehicle #1 was: This Vehicle Traveling Off the Edge of the Road on the Right Side. The Critical Reason for the Critical Precrash Event was coded as Driver Related Factor Decision Errors, Too fast for Curve. The Police did not consider alcohol or illegal drugs to be a factor in this crash.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Aggressive Behavior, Decision, Driver Performance, Roadway, Speed/Distance, Weather/Environment present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Negotiating a curve

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Off the edge of the road on the right side

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Too fast for curve/turn
