Case Summary:
1    Case Summary The crash occurred in the eastbound lanes of a divided, four-lane, interstate highway. There was a grass median protected by a guardrail. The roadway had a posted speed limit of 104 kmph (65 mph) and a level grade. The area of the crash was gently curved right with a +5% superelevation. Conditions were daylight and dry with clear skies. The setting was mid-afternoon hours on a weekday. Vehicle one was a 1998 Ford Explorer sport utility traveling eastbound in lane three. There was a non-contact vehicle traveling in lane two. V1 began merging right into lane two. The driver steered left abruptly to avoid a collision with the non-contact vehicle. V1 then traveled left into lane four. The driver steered right to avoid impacting the median guardrail. V1 then rotated 90 degrees clockwise and rolled over onto its left side. It traveled across lane two on its left side before rolling left another five quarter turns. V1 came to rest in the breakdown lane on its top facing west, having rolled a total of six quarter turns to the left. The Ford Explorer (v1) was driven by a 28-year old female who was transported to a local trauma center with non-incapacitating injuries. Her two children were rear seat passengers, and they were also transported with possible injuries. She stated that she was taking the kids home and realized her exit was coming up soon. She began changing lanes without looking which necessitated her sudden steering inputs. She was unable to regain control of the vehicle. She estimated her travel and impact speeds to be 104 kmph (65 mph). The Ford sport utility was towed due to damage. The Critical Precrash Event for v1 was this vehicle loss of control due to sudden steering inputs. The Critical Reason was a driver related factor of overcompensation. The driver has been previously diagnosed with asthma. She wears contacts for a nearsighted condition. She is not employed and her spends her days with the kids. She estimates she drives this roadway on a weekly basis, and claims to be relatively new to the area.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Driver Performance, Driver Physical present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Veh. Control Loss Due To:- Other cause of control loss (specify) :

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Overcompensation
