Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This crash occurred in the evening of a weekday at the intersection between a five-lane roadway and a driveway to a convenience store. The north/south roadway consisted of two lanes in each direction divided by a two-way center turn lane. The bituminous roadway was dry and level with a curve to the left (in the northbound direction) and a posted speed limit of a 72 kmph (45 mph). The traffic flow was normal and there were no adverse atmospheric conditions at the time of the crash. V1, a 2000 Ford F-150 with one occupant, was exiting out of a convenience store parking lot, intending to turn left into the southbound lanes. V2, a 1991 Mazda Pick-up with one occupant, was northbound in lane two negotiating the curve in the roadway. V1 pulled out of the driveway to begin its turn without yielding to V2. The front of V2 struck V1 on its front left side. Both vehicles came to a rest in the southbound lanes of the roadway. Both vehicles were towed due to damage. The driver of V1, a 58-year-old male, was transported with minor injuries. Numerous attempts to contact the driver of V1 were unsuccessful. No phone information was provided on the PAR, and there was no answer at the residence listed. The Critical Precrash Event for V1 was coded this vehicle traveling, turning left at intersection. The Critical Reason was coded as an unknown driver error. There were no known associated factors that could be coded to the driver of V1. The driver of V2, a 36-year-old male, was transported due to incapacitating injuries. The vehicle did not have airbags and the driver was not wearing his seatbelt. The driver stated that he was on his way home negotiating the curve at a constant velocity. He said that he saw V1 sitting in the driveway to store when all of the sudden it just pulled out. He stated that it happened so fast that he could not react. The Critical Precrash Event for V2 was coded other vehicle encroachment, from driveway, turning in opposite direction. The Critical Reason was not coded to this vehicle. The only associated factor that was coded to V2 was a false assumption as the driver assumed that V1 would yield the right of way.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 2:  Decision present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Stopped in traffic lane
 2 ：Negotiating a curve

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Turning left at intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From driveway, turning into oppsite direction

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Type of driver error unknown
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
