Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This crash occurred on a two-way, two-lane roadway. It was not physically divided, and had a traffic-control device for this 'T' intersection. The conditions were as follows: late evening, clear skies, the roadway was dry and there were no atmospheric conditions. The gradient for the two vehicles involved were both on a -2% roadway. The posted speed limit for vehicle one (V1) and vehicle two (V2) was 72 kph (45 mph). V1 was a 2005 Toyota Tundra, traveling southbound. V1 struck V2 in the center part of V2's rear bumper. The driver side airbags for V1 inflated, and the driver was wearing his seatbelt. The impact caused V1 to push V2 further down the roadway. V1 and V2 came to final rest in the roadway. V1 was towed due to damage. V2 was able to be driven from the scene. The Critical Precrash Event for V1 was coded as other motor vehicle in lane and was stopped. The Critical Reason for the Critical Precrash Event is internal distraction - a driver error. In the PAR the driver stated that items in the front seat area started to fall. He took his eyes off the road to look at the items and when he looked back it was too late to stop. After numerous attempts to try and attain an interview, they were unsuccessful. V2 was a 1997 Dodge 2500 pickup that was traveling southbound and was stopped to make a left turn at this 'T' intersection. After numerous attempts to try and attain an interview, the driver of V2 did not give an interview either over the phone. The Critical Precrash Event for V2 was coded as other motor vehicle traveling in same direction with higher speed. The Critical Reason was not coded to this vehicle. the driver was taking medication for asthma, some of the side effects were dizziness and fainting.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Distraction, Speed/Distance present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Drugs present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Stopped in traffic lane

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Other vehicle stopped
 2 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Traveling in same direction with higher speed

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Internal distraction
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
