Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This crash occurred in the westbound lane of a four lane roadway. There were two eastbound and two westbound lanes. This crash occurred in the afternoon at the end of the week. The weather was clear the roadway was dry concrete. The speed was posted at 72 kmph (45 mph). The intersection was controlled by a traffic signal. The westbound slope was +2/122. The southbound slope to the intersection was +6/122. Vehicle 1, a 1979 Chevrolet Impala was traveling westbound in lane two as it approached the intersection. Vehicle 2, a 1998 Ford Taurus was traveling southbound, it was sitting at the traffic light in lane two waiting for the light to turn green. When the light changed the V2 started its left turn into the intersection. As V1 went through the intersection its font contacted V2's left rear door, 1/4 panel area. V2 rotated counter clockwise then contacting a guardrail on the south side of the intersection coming to final rest facing northeast blocking both eastbound lanes of travel. V1 came to final rest in the center of the intersection. No one was injured in this crash V2 was towed due to damage. The driver of V1 was a 29 year-old male that stated he is in good health and is taking no medications at this time and does not wear corrective lenses. He also stated he was driving on a suspended license. He stated he was on his way to pick up his child from school and was going to get their just on time for school to let out. He stated the light was green as he traveled to the intersection. He also stated he glanced down at the clock to check the time and as he looked back to the traffic light it had changed and V2 was in the intersection. He stated as he braked and steered to the right he could see the expression on the other drivers face. He stated after final rest he got out of his vehicle to check on the other vehicle because there were children in the back seat. The Critical Pre-crash Event was coded “other vehicle encroachment from crossing street turning into opposite direction”. The Critical Reason was “not coded to this vehicle”. The associated factors to this driver was he was running late to pick up his child from school and he may have had obstructed view of the intersection due to a vehicle in lane one of the westbound traffic. The driver of V2 a 31 year-old male stated he is in good health and is not taking medications at this time. He also stated he does not wear corrective lenses. He stated he had just picked up his child from school and was on his way to a church activity with his family. This driver also stated that he normally travels the roadway V1 was traveling but he had turned the wrong way out of the school parking lot so he was entering the intersection from the north on this day and turning left to travel to the east. He stated as he started his left turn he looked left, right, left. He stated he did not see the westbound vehicle in lane two. He stated that he did not know if it had changed lanes to travel around the vehicle in lane one or if it was in lane two the full time. He stated that when he first saw the vehicle coming he accelerated trying to avoid being hit. He stated after being contacted his vehicle rotated counter clockwise to final rest he also stated he does not remember contacting the guardrail on the south side of the intersection. He stated there was no damage to the right rear of his vehicle before this crash. The Critical Pre-crash Event was coded “this vehicle traveling turning left at intersection”. The Critical Reason for the Critical Pre-crash Event was “inadequate surveillance”. The associated factors to this driver was that he was inattentive he was conversing with his family about his child's day at school and about the evening activities at church.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision, Driver Fatigue, Driver Stress/Emotion present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Decision, Distraction, Roadway, Surveillance present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Stopped in traffic lane

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From crossing street, turning into opposite direction
 2 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Turning left at intersection

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
 2 ：Driver Related Factor- Inadequate surveillance (e.g., failed to look, looked but did not see)
