Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This crash took place in the southbound lanes of a four lane undivided roadway. There were no adverse conditions and the bituminous roadway had a posted speed limit of 30mph (48kmph). V1, a 2001 Ford Ranger, was traveling south in lane two behind a slower moving NC vehicle. V2, a 1992 Buick LeSabre, was traveling south in lane one. V1 attempted to change lanes to the right in order to go around the NC vehicle and was struck in the rear plane by the front plane of V2. V1 then crossed oncoming traffic and departed the roadway to the left before coming to rest in the grass. V2 came to rest a short distance from the point of contact on the right shoulder. The driver of V1 was a 62 year-old male who stated that the vehicle he was following was being driven under the posted speed limit. He was attempting to pass this vehicle and was sure that the driver of V2 saw him and understood his intentions. The critical pre crash event for this vehicle was coded as “This vehicle traveling - over lane line on right side of travel lane”. The critical reason was coded as a decision error - “Aggressive Driving Behavior”. The driver of V2 was a 26 year-old male who stated that the driver of V1 cut right in front of him and that although he applied his brakes he could not avoid the collision. The critical pre crash event for this vehicle was coded as “Other vehicle encroachment - from adjacent lane (same direction) over left lane line”. A critical reason was not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Aggressive Behavior, Distraction, Surveillance present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Over the lane line on right side of travel lane
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From adjacent lane (same direction) - over left lane line

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Aggressive driving behavior
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
