Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This crash occurred on a weekday night on a rural at the end of two lane unlit roadway. The dry, straight, and bituminous roadway had speed limit of 56kmph (35mph) and featured downhill grade of 11% grade. The roadway came to a stop at an intersection at the bottom of the hill (controlled by a stop sign) and a guardrail on the opposite side of the intersection. V1, a 1999 Honda Civic was proceeding downhill towards intersection at excessive speed. The driver failed to stop for the stop sign and continued on through the intersection striking the guardrail on the opposite side with the front of his vehicle. V1 came to final rest against the guardrail. V1 was driven by a 21 year-old male in good health and wearing his prescription lenses that corrected a myopic (near-sighted) condition. There was a 19 year-old female in the front passenger seat and a 19 year-old male in the second row right seat. The driver stated he did not see the stop sign in time to stop but engaged his brakes in an effort to avoid the guardrail. The driver did not suffer any injuries however the passenger in the right front seat was transported for treatment of non-incapacitating injuries and V1 was towed due to damage. The Critical Precrash Event for V1 was coded this vehicle traveling, end departure. The Critical Reason for the Critical Precrash Event was inadequate surveillance, failure to look far enough ahead. Several associated factors can also be coded to this driver including inattention as the driver was engaged in a social conversation with the other occupants of the vehicle; inadequate surveillance when the driver failed to look far enough ahead, the driver was also traveling too fast for conditions for unknown reasons. The driver of V1 also performed an illegal maneuver when he failed to stop for a traffic control device. Experience also played a factor in this crash as the driver of V1 rarely drove this road.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision, Distraction, Driver Inexperience, Speed/Distance, Surveillance present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- End departure

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Inadequate surveillance (e.g., failed to look, looked but did not see)
