Case Summary:
1    Case Summary The crash involving two vehicles occurred at 1353 hours at the intersection of a one-way, three lane north/south roadway posted speed limit 64 kmph (40 mph) and a two-way, four lane (seven overall), divided east/west roadway posted speed limit 56 kmph (35 mph) without a positive barrier Both roads were dry, traveled, level concrete. Traffic flow controlled by a traffic signal,traffic was light at the time of the accident. There were no adverse weather conditions. V 1 a 1992 Ford Escort Coupe driven by a 44 year-old female was southbound in the first travel lane. V 2 a 1996 Mercury Grand Marquis Sedan driven by a 50 year-old female was westbound in the first travel lane. V 1 entered the intersection without the right of way and it's front struck the right side of V 2. V 1 rotated clockwise and came to rest facing west in the westbound lanes. V 2 rotated clockwise and came to rest facing north in the westbound lanes. Both vehicles were towed from the scene, no reported injuries. The pre-event movement for V 1 going straight, category this vehicle traveling crossing over passing through intersection. Critical reason driver related factor "inattention/daydreaming" (driver stated he was on his way to sister's accident). The pre-event movement for V 2 going straight, category other vehicle encroachment from crossing street across path. Critical reason not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision, Distraction, Driver Inexperience, Driver Stress/Emotion, Drugs, Surveillance present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Surveillance present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Crossing over (passing through) intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From crossing street, across path

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Inattention (i.e., daydreaming)
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
