Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two-vehicle crash occurred in the evening of a weekday in the middle of a four-way intersection, which was controlled by stop signs in all directions. All four legs of the intersection were two-way, two-lane roadways that were not physically divided. The bituminous roadway was level for V1, while there was a slight positive grade for V2. There was a posted speed limit of 40kmph (25mph) for both vehicles. There were no adverse atmospheric conditions at the time of the crash, and the roadway was dry. V1, a 2002 Freightliner Fire truck, was responding to a call traveling south in lane one intending to continue through the intersection. The truck's lights and sirens were activated as it approached the intersection. V2, a 2005 Ford Explorer Police vehicle, was also responding to a call traveling east in lane one, intending to continue through the intersection. V2 also had its lights and siren activated as it approached the intersection. As V1 entered the intersection it struck the left side of V2. The impact caused V2 to rotate clockwise approximately 45 degrees before coming to final rest in the northbound lane. V1 continued forward slightly, coming to final rest in the same lane of travel. V2 was removed from the scene due to damage, while V1 was driven from the scene. The driver of V1, a 32 year-old male, did not suffer any injuries as a result of the crash. There were two other occupants in the vehicle at the time of the crash, neither of which suffered any injuries. No interview could be obtained from the driver of this vehicle and limited information was gained from the PAR. The Critical Precrash Event for V1 was coded this vehicle traveling, crossing over (passing through) intersection. The Critical Reason for the Critical Precrash Event was coded as a decision error, fire vehicle on emergency run. The only associated factor coded to this driver was the sightline restriction posed by the surrounding buildings. The driver of V2, a 41 year-old male, suffered unknown injuries and was taken to the hospital for observation. There were no other occupants in the vehicle when the crash occurred. As in the case of V1 no interview could be obtained from this driver. The Critical Precrash Event for V2 was coded other vehicle encroachment from crossing street, across path. The Critical Reason for the Critical Precrash Event was not coded to this vehicle. As with V1 a sightline restriction was coded as an associated factor.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision, Driver Stress/Emotion, Roadway, Traffic present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Driver Physical, Driver Stress/Emotion, Roadway, Traffic present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Crossing over (passing through) intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From crossing street, across path

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- False assumption of other's actions
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
