Case Summary:
1    Case Summary The single vehicle crash occurred on a five-lane, divided north/south roadway with a left curve at a parking lot entrance located on the west side of the roadway. For northbound traffic there are three travel lanes. The roadway was level, dry and of concrete construction. There were no traffic controls for northbound traffic. The posted speed limit is 56 kmph (35 mph). Traffic was moderate at the time of the crash. This crash occurred during daylight hours with clear skies. Vehicle one (V1), a 2006 Nissan Sentra with one occupant, was stopped northbound in the third travel lane, a left turn only lane. The driver of V1 initiated a u-turn with insufficient room and entered the entrance/exit roadway where the vehicle departed the roadway on the left side. The driver lost control of the vehicle, froze and made no attempt to regain control of the vehicle. V1 entered and crossed the southbound lanes crossed the curbed sod median and then crossed the three northbound lanes, departed the roadway on the east side and entered the sod roadside before the front of the vehicle struck a mature tree. The vehicle came to rest by the tree facing northeast. The vehicle was towed due to damage. The driver of V1, a sixteen-year-old female, was heading home from the mall. This driver had been driving for about two minutes, drives the route weekly and is familiar with the vehicle. The driver stated she was listening to the radio and talking to her boyfriend on her cell phone at the time. The driver has been licensed and driving for approximately four months. During the interview, the driver admitted to panicking and did not attempt to regain control of the vehicle during the u-turn. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: this vehicle traveling-off the edge of the road on the left side. The critical reason was coded as a driver related factor: panic/freezing. This driver talking on the cell phone and her inexperience were associated factors in this crash.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Cell Phone Use, Decision, Distraction, Driver Inexperience, Driver Performance present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Making a U-turn

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Off the edge of the road on the left side

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Panic/freezing
