Case Summary:
1    Case Summary A two vehicle daytime collision occurred mid-morning on a Tuesday. The crash occurred at a driveway intersecting a four- lane undivided roadway with a turn lane separating the two-way traffic. The pre-crash roadway for vehicle one has a curve to the right and is level with bituminous paving. The four-lane roadway has a posted speed limit of 64 kmph (40 mph). The drive way has a stop sign with no posted speed limit. Vehicle one (V1), a 1991 Pontiac Sunbird driven by a 50 year old female, was traveling northbound in lane one. Vehicle two (V2), a 1990 Peterbilt tractor hauling a semi trailer was driven by a 36 year old male. V2 was stopped at a stop sign facing north to turn left to head west. V2 proceeded into the roadway to turn left, after he double-checked there were no vehicles coming. Visibility for both vehicles was not 100% clear due to V1's road curvature to the right and a series of trees that also bordered the right shoulder. As V2 pulled out V1 impacted the mid portion of the left side of V1's trailer. Then as the trailer moved forward, the front plane of its rear tires contacted the right side of V1. Both driver's stated they did not see each other. V2 stated he did look but did not see V1 coming, and when he did finally see her coming he tried to give it more gas and turn wide in hopes that she would miss the trailer all together. The driver of V1 stated to the investigating officer shortly after the crash that she "looked away briefly to her purse situated in the passenger seat and then when she turned her eyes forward it was too late to stop or otherwise avoid the collision". The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: other vehicle encroachment: from crossing street, turning into opposite direction." The critical reason for the critical event assigned to this driver as a driver related recognition factor: internal distraction, because the driver was looking down at her purse instead of forward. The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded: this vehicle traveling, turning left at intersection. The critical reason was not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Distraction, Drugs, Roadway, Surveillance present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Roadway, Surveillance present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Negotiating a curve
 2 ：Stopped in traffic lane

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From crossing street, turning into opposite direction
 2 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Turning left at intersection

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Internal distraction
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
