Case Summary:
1    Case Summary The crash occurred at 1035 at the intersection of a two-way, two lane (four overall), divided roadway without a positive barrier. Both roads were dry, traveled, level concrete. The posted speed limit for the east and west roadway is 72 kmph (45 mph) for the north/south roadway 56 kmph (35 mph). Traffic was light at the time of the accident. There were no adverse weather conditions. The intersection is controlled by a traffic signal. V 1 a 1995 Toyota Tercel driven by a 30 year-old female with one passenger was westbound in the second travel lane. V 2 a 2006 Toyota Camry driven by a 60 year-old female was northbound in the second travel lane. V 1 entered the intersection without the right of way and it's front struck the right side of V 2. V 1 rotated clockwise and came to rest facing east off the roadway on the northwest corner. V 2 rotated clockwise and came to rest facing south in the southbound lanes north of the intersection. Both vehicles were towed from the scene, there were no reported injuries. The pre-event movement for V 1 coded going straight this vehicle traveling, passing through intersection, category driver related factor "inadequate surveillance" (this is a controlled intersection both drivers claimed the green light both had ample time to avoid crash, this vehicle did have a passenger possible distraction also) The pre-event movement for V 2 coded other vehicle encroachment from crossing street across path. Critical reason not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision, Surveillance present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Drugs, Surveillance present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Crossing over (passing through) intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From crossing street, across path

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Inadequate surveillance (e.g., failed to look, looked but did not see)
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
