Case Summary:
1    Case Summary The crash occurred at 1146 hours involving two passenger cars at an intersection without traffic lights. The speed limit for the roadway is 48 kmph (30 mph). The road is a 2-lane undivided (two-way traffic) asphalt roadway for both vehicles. The road surface was dry and there were no detrimental atmospheric conditions at the time of the crash. The east-west roadway had a stop sign. The south-north roadway did not have a traffic sign. V 1, a 2003 Chevrolet Trailblazer driven by a 23 year-old female was traveling west in the first lane, crossing through the intersection of both roadways. V 2, a 2001 Chevrolet Impala, Driven by a 29 year-old male with three passengers was traveling north in the first lane. The front of V 2 impacted the left side of V 1. Both vehicles came to rest within the intersection. V 1 was towed from the scene, there were no reported injuries. The pre crash category for V1 this vehicle traveling crossing over passing through intersection. Critical reason driver related factor "inadequate surveillance failed to look". This vehicle stopped at the stop sign and the driver took a look to the right. She then proceeded into the intersection, without stopping again at the line of sight. . The driver claimed her view of V 2 was obstructed by a building located on the southeast corner of the intersection.. She should have stopped at the line of sight as required. V 2 would have been clearly visible from there. The critical pre crash event for V2 was coded other vehicle encroaching into the lane, from crossing street, across path . No critical reason for the critical event was coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Distraction, Driver Inexperience, Roadway, Surveillance present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Driver Inexperience, Roadway present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Starting in traffic lane
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Crossing over (passing through) intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From crossing street, across path

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Inadequate surveillance (e.g., failed to look, looked but did not see)
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
