Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two vehicle crash occurred on a three-lane highway with a positive barrier during early morning daylight hours. The roadway was dry, traveled, level concrete. The posted speed limit is 80 kmph (50 mph). There was rush-hour traffic and the roadway was under construction. There were no adverse weather conditions. Vehicle one (V1), a 2003 Mazda 6 sedan driven by a 42 year-old male, was traveling eastbound in the third lane. Vehicle two (V2), a 1998 Honda Civic sedan driven by a 33 year-old male, was traveling eastbound in the third lane. V1 struck a tire and wheel in the roadway, causing the driver to lose directional control of the vehicle. V1 departed the left side of the roadway and struck the traffic barrier. V1 rotated counterclockwise and reentered the roadway. It's left side rear struck the left side of V2. V1 continued to rotate and came to rest in the roadway facing west. V2 rotated counterclockwise and came to rest in the roadway facing west. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: this vehicle control loss due to- object in roadway. The critical reason for the critical event was coded to V1 as an driver related factor: inadequate surveillance (failed to look, looked but did not see). This driver was attentive to the driving task but did not expect to encounter a tire in his travel lane. He was looking but did not see the tire prior to impact. V2 was not involved in first harmful event. The critical reason was not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision, Distraction, Surveillance, Traffic present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Decision, Traffic present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Object or Animal- Object in roadway
 2 ：Other- Not involved first harmful event

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Inadequate surveillance (e.g., failed to look, looked but did not see)
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
