Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This crash occurred in evening of a weekend just beyond the “T” intersection of a two-way, two-lane roadway and a two-way, two-lane divided entrance to a residential development. The bituminous east/west roadway was dry, straight, and level with a posted speed of 72kmph (45 mph). The bituminous north/south roadway was dry, straight, and level with a posted speed limit of 24kmph (15 mph) and was controlled by a stop sign. There was still daylight and there were no adverse atmospheric conditions at the time of the crash. V1, a 1995 Pontiac Grand Prix 2dr, was westbound on the roadway approaching the intersection where it intended to turn left. As V1 slowed and began its turn, a northbound non-contact vehicle began pulling out of the residential entrance to go westbound. V1 steered right to avoid this vehicle then attempted to complete its turn by steering left but lost control. V1 departed the road of the right side of the residential entrance and struck a tree (>10cm) with its front. V1 came to final rest against the tree. V1 was driven an unrestrained 32 year-old male who was on his way home after running an errand. He stated that a non-contact vehicle pulled out from the entranceway as he attempted to turn left, he was forced to steer right to avoid contact and when he turned back left he lost control. The driver was transported with non-incapacitating injuries and V1 was towed due to damage. The Critical Precrash Event was this vehicle traveling, off the edge of the road on the right side. The Critical Reason for the Critical Precrash Event was a driver related performance error of overcompensation. The driver of V1 lost control of his vehicle as he jerked his wheel back to the left (after steering right to avoid the non-contact vehicle) in an effort to complete his turn.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Driver Performance, Driver Physical, Drugs present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Avoidance maneuver to a previous critical event

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Off the edge of the road on the right side

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Overcompensation
