Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two vehicle daytime collision occurred late in the afternoon during daylight hours. The collision occurred heading east on a two way, two-lane road. The pre-crash roadway for both vehicles is straight and level bituminous paving, with the crash occurring at the beginning of a curve to the right. The roadway has a posted speed limit of 56 kmph (35 mph). There were no adverse weather conditions at this time. Vehicle one (V1), a 1996 Volkswagen Jetta sedan driven by a 29 year-old female, was traveling east in lane 1. Vehicle two (V2), a 2004 BMW X3 compact utility vehicle driven by a 44 year-old female with one passenger, was traveling east in lane 1. V2 had stopped for several seconds to make a left hand turn onto a side street when the front of V1 impacted the rear of V2. V1 was towed due to disabling vehicle damage. V2 was driven from the scene of the crash. The driver of V1 could not figure out why she had rear-ended V2. Some speculations on her part include that the brake lights of V1 were not on, or perhaps that she was looking somewhere other than at V2. She was on her way home from the grocery store and had driven about 5 kilometers (3 miles) when the impact occurred. She had concerns with personal relationships and was thinking about a personal problem prior to the collision. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: other motor vehicle in lane, other vehicle stopped. The critical reason for the critical event was assigned to V1 as a driver related factor: inattention (i.e. daydreaming). The driver didn't recall anything pertaining to the crash. The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded other motor vehicle in lane traveling in same direction with higher speed. The critical reason for the critical event is not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision, Distraction, Driver Fatigue, Driver Physical, Drugs present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Negotiating a curve
 2 ：Stopped in traffic lane

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Other vehicle stopped
 2 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Traveling in same direction with higher speed

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Inattention (i.e., daydreaming)
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
