Case Summary:
1    Case Summary V1, a 1999 Ford Contour was traveling northbound on a 4 lane, 2 way dry asphalt roadway with a raised median. V1 was traveling in lane two, intending to go straight. V2, an unknown Chevrolet Cavalier, was also traveling northbound on the same roadway. V2 was traveling in the first lane. V2 made a lane change to the left, in front of V1 and then hit his brakes. The front of V1 contacted the back of V2 before they both came to final rest in the roadway. The driver of V1 was a 27-year old female who had reported that she had been traveling between 50-64kmph (31-40mph) prior to the crash. She was rested and traveling home. She was in good health and wearing her prescribed lenses that corrected a myopic (near-sighted) condition. She sustained moderate injuries and was transported to a local trauma facility. V1 was towed due to damage. The Critical Precrash Event for the driver of V1 was other motor vehicle in lane, other vehicle stopped. The Critical Reason for the Critical Precrash Event was a decision error, false assumption of other's action because the driver assumed V2 would continue forward. An associated factor was inadequate surveillance (failed to look far enough ahead). The driver of V2 left the scene of the crash and was not available for an interview. The Critical Precrash Event for V2 was other motor vehicle in lane, traveling with higher speed. The Critical Reason for the Critical Precrash Event was not coded to the driver of V2 and was not thought to have contributed to the crash.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision, Driver Physical, Surveillance present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Changing lanes

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Other vehicle stopped
 2 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Traveling in same direction with higher speed

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- False assumption of other's actions
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
