Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This crash occurred in the late morning of a weekday in the middle of a four-way urban intersection. The intersection was composed of a one-way, five-lane southbound roadway and an east/west four-lane (with designation right turn lane in the eastbound direction) roadway controlled by a properly functioning traffic signal. Both roadways were bituminous, straight, and dry. The southbound roadway was level with a posted speed limit of 72 kmph (45 mph). The east/west roadway featured a slight positive grade and a posted speed limit of 56 kmph (35 mph) with a school advisory speed of 40 kmph (25 mph) just before the intersection. The traffic flow was normal and there were no adverse atmospheric conditions at the time of the crash. V1, a 2006 Honda Civic with one occupant, was southbound in lane 3 as it approached the intersection. V2, a 1995 Chevrolet sport Van with two occupants, was east in lane 2 approaching the same intersection. As V1 entered the intersection it was contacted on the right door area by V2. V1 rotated counter-clockwise and continued forward in a southeast direction before coming to final rest. V2 skidded to final rest facing southeast in the middle of the intersection near the point of impact. V1 was towed due to damage while V2 was driven from the scene. The driver of V1, a 23-year-old male, claimed to be in good health and on running an errand when the crash occurred. A complete interview was obtained with the driver answering questions via his father (who insisted on being the one to answer the questions). The driver had just completed taking an exam and was on his way to the store to buy some hand cream. He claimed that as he approached the intersection the light changed to green so he accelerated and entered the intersection. This driver stated he was knocked unconscious and dose not remembers anything after the contact. He did not require treatment. The Critical Precrash Event was coded this vehicle traveling, crossing over (passing through) intersection. The Critical Reason for the Critical Event was coded as a driver related factor, inadequate surveillance (looked but did not see). Inattention was coded as an associated factor as the driver was thinking of the exam he had just taken and what he needed to purchase at the store. The driver of V2, a 52-year-old female, claimed to be in good health but taking a medication prescribed by her doctor for depression. She stated that she had just left court with her daughter and was on her way to the store. As they approached the intersection in lane two the traffic light was green. She stated a vehicle traveling south in lane three entered the intersection so she braked and steered right contacting the right side of the vehicle. She and the passenger stated they both thought they saw the driver of V1 on a cell phone but could not be sure because of the right side cretins air bags deployment. The Critical Precrash Event was coded other vehicle encroachment from crossing street, across path. The Critical Reason for the Critical Event was not coded to this vehicle. The associated factors coded to this driver include the fact she was conversing with her passenger and had concerns on her mind from being at court earlier in the day. Witness #1 stated that he was stopped in lane 4 of the southbound roadway waiting for the light to turn green as V1 came by entering the intersection. He did state that the southbound vehicle did steer to the left to try to avoid the crash. Witness #2 stated that he was stopped in lane 2 of the southbound waiting for the light to turn green as V1 came by on his left side and entered the intersection before being contacted on the right side of the vehicle. It then traveled to final rest in the southeast corner of the intersection. He stated that the eastbound vehicle was right at the intersection and had no time to react.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision, Distraction, Surveillance present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Decision, Distraction, Drugs present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Crossing over (passing through) intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From crossing street, across path

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Inadequate surveillance (e.g., failed to look, looked but did not see)
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
