Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This crash occurred just after noon of a weekday in the southbound lanes of a six-lane physically divided interstate highway. There were three southbound lanes flanked by should paved shoulders and a sloped grassy roadside. The bituminous roadway curved right with a super elevation of 6.3% and a posted speed limit of 89 kmph (55 mph). After the curve the roadway straightened out for several hundred meters. The traffic flow was normal and there were no adverse atmospheric conditions at the time of the crash. V1, a 1998 Ford F-150, was southbound on the interstate in lane two pulling a 16 foot float trailer loaded with four steel I-beams (2 were 25 feet long, 2 were 14 ½ feet long, had 16 inch webbing and 8 inch caps). The two longer beams had most of their excess length hanging off the back of the trailer. As the driver of V1 entered the curve he accelerated to pass a non-contact vehicle in lane one. When the driver V1 deemed it was safe he changed lanes to the right and the trailer began to swing and contacted the back of V1. The driver of V1 failed to regain control V1 and jackknifed to the left. V1 departed the right side of the road, traveling across a grassy area, and down an embankment. As V1 continued off the road the trailer swung around the right, tore the hitch assembly from the back of V1 and rolled under V1. V1 came to final rest on top of the right side of the overturned trailer. V1 was facing west with the trailer facing east at final rest. V1 was towed from the scene. The driver of V1, a belted 71-year-old male was not injured in the crash, as his passenger was also uninjured. He stated he was on his way to deliver the I-beams to a home he was having built. As he transported them he lost control of his vehicle jackknifed and departed the roadway. The Critical Precrash Event for V1 was coded this vehicle control loss due to a jackknife event. The Critical Reason was a decision error; too fast with heavy load (overhanging back of trailer by nine feet). In addition to the awkwardly loaded trailer the driver's discomfort with the load was also coded as an associated factor.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Driver Inexperience, Speed/Distance, Vehicle present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Changing lanes

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Veh. Control Loss Due To:- Jacknife Event

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Too fast for conditions (specify) :
