Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This crash occurred on a primary arterial road at an intersection with an industrial access road. The arterial ran north/south, had six lanes on the south leg of the intersection with three northbound and three southbound. The third northbound lane served as a left turn only lane for several private lots that receive heavy traffic flow. The arterial was straight and level in the area of the crash. Conditions at the time of the crash were daylight, and dry on a weekday around midday with heavy congestion due to the industrial parks in the area. The speed limit on the arterial was 64 kmph (40 mph). V1, a 2002 Honda Odyssey with one occupant, was northbound in lane two approaching the intersection. V2, a 2004 Jeep Cherokee Laredo with three occupants, was stopped in lane two at the intersection. V1 slowed but failed to completely stop behind V2 and the front of V1 struck the rear of V2. Both vehicles came to final rest just forward of the point of impact. V1 was towed from the scene while V2 was driven away. The driver of V1, a restrained 49-year-old female was uninjured in the crash. She was from out of state and not very familiar with the roadway. She was looking for a friends' place of business at the time of the crash. She stated that her foot slipped off the brake pedal as she was approaching the intersection. The Critical Precrash Event for V1 was coded other vehicle in lane, other vehicle stopped. The Critical Reason was coded as a performance error, poor directional control. Associated factors include an external distraction as the driver was looking for her friend's work, as well as the traffic congestion and her unfamiliarity with the roadway. The driver of V2, a 69-year-old restrained female who along with her two passengers was uninjured in this crash. She was on her way home after picking her son up at the hospital. The Critical Precrash Event for V2 was coded other vehicle in lane traveling in the same direction with a higher speed. The Critical Reason was not coded to this vehicle. Associated factors include the fact that the driver was smoking at the time of the crash as well as the traffic congestion.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Distraction, Driver Inexperience, Driver Performance, Traffic present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Distraction, Driver Physical, Drugs, Traffic present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Decelerating in traffic lane
 2 ：Stopped in traffic lane

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Other vehicle stopped
 2 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Traveling in same direction with higher speed

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Poor directional control (e.g., failing to control vehicle with skill ordinarily expected)
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
