Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two-vehicle crash occurred on an undivided, straight, level, two-lane roadway. The speed limit for this roadway is 89 kmph (55 mph). This crash occurred during daylight hours with no adverse atmospheric conditions. Vehicle one (V1), a 2002 Ford Escort, was northbound in lane one. Vehicle two (V2), a 1998 Mercury Grand Marquis, was northbound in lane one in front of V1. The front of V1 struck the back of V2. V1 was towed due to damage. The driver of V1, a twenty-one-year-old female, was traveling from her home to a friend's house for lunch. She was well rested, healthy and familiar with her vehicle. She travels this route weekly. This driver stated that she was looking at the scenery on the sides of the road. When she realized that V2 was traveling slower, she applied the brakes (skidding longitudinally) in an attempt to avoid the crash. The driver of V2, a seventy-six-year-old female, was on her way home from church. She was healthy, well rested and familiar with her vehicle and route. This driver stated that she did not see V1 prior to the crash. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded as "other motor vehicle in lane; traveling in same direction with lower steady speed." The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded as "driver related factor; external distraction." The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded as "other motor vehicle in lane; traveling in same direction with higher speed." The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event for V2 was "not coded to this vehicle."
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Distraction, Surveillance present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Drugs present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Traveling in same direction with lower steady speed
 2 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Traveling in same direction with higher speed

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- External distraction
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
