Case Summary:
1    Case Summary The crash occurred at an intersection in the northbound lane of a two-way, three-lane, urban roadway. There was one northbound lane and two southbound lanes. To the west was a parking lot entrance and to the east was a three-lane roadway. The northbound lane had a posted speed limit of 72kmph (45 mph) and a 1% uphill grade. The westbound lanes approaching the intersection had a posted speed limit of 56kmph (35 mph) and a 4% uphill grade. Conditions were dark but lighted and dry with cloudy skies. The setting was early evening hours on a weekend. Vehicle one was 2000 Ford Focus sedan traveling northbound in lane one. Vehicle two was a Volvo passenger vehicle of unknown type. V1 had just started from a nearby intersection and was passing through this intersection. V2 was stopped facing west in lane two waiting to turn left. V2 accelerated into the intersection. The front of V2 struck the right rear plane of V1. V1 rotated clockwise 90 degrees and then rolled left 3 quarter turns, coming to rest on its right side facing south in lane two. V2 came to a controlled stop in a nearby parking lot, and then left the scene before police arrived. V1 was driven by a 32-year old who was transported to a local hospital with possible injuries. She stated that she was taking her two kids home from shopping when V2 struck her from the right without warning. She estimated her speed at impact to be 24kmph (15 mph). V1 was towed due to damage. The Critical Precrash Event was other vehicle encroachment from a crossing street turning into the opposite direction. The Critical Reason was not coded to this vehicle. This driver drives this particular roadway a few times a month. No other associated factors were present. V2 left the scene of the crash before police arrived and could not be located for an inspection and the driver could not be interviewed. The Critical Event for V2 was coded as this vehicle traveling, turning left at intersection. The Critical Reason was coded as a driver related factor, illegal maneuver as V2 ran the stop at a high speed before crashing into V1
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 2:  Decision present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From crossing street, turning into opposite direction
 2 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Turning left at intersection

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
 2 ：Driver Related Factor- Illegal maneuver
