Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two vehicle crash occurred during early evening daylight hours The roadway was a down hill 3-lane roadway with a left turn lane at intersection, divided by a raised median without positive barrier. There are entry driveways for business lots located north and south of the roadway. The speed limit for the roadway is 56 kmph (35 mph) in both directions of travel. The weather was clear and the road surface concrete,dry. Vehicle one (V1), a 1985 Toyota Celica coupe driven by a 43 year-old male with one passenger was traveling east in the first lane of the roadway. V1 had just left a vehicle repair facility located south of the eastbound lanes of travel. Following V1 was semi truck with trailer, driven by the nephew of the driver of V1. Vehicle two (V2), a 2000 International 4700 flatbed/tow truck driven by a 30 year-old male with one passenger was traveling eastbound in the third lane of the roadway. V1 attempted to make a u-turn around the east tip of the west median. V 1 intended to turn into the westbound lanes of traffic. V2's vision of V 1 was limited by the semi truck. The driver of V2 applied the brakes and steered to the left. Its front impacted the left side of V1. The vehicle rotated clockwise and came to rest in the third lane of the eastbound traffic, facing east. The semi truck stayed in lane one and did not have contact with any of the vehicles. V1 was towed from the scene. V2 was not able to drive from the scene initially. The right front bumper corner was restricting the right front wheel. Another tow truck arrived at the scene and assisted with the repair of the bumper. V2 was then able to drive away from the scene. The pre-event movement for V1 coded makinf a U-turn, category this vehicle traveling, over the lane line on the left side of travel lane. The critical reason for the critical event coded "Illegal maneuver" The pre-event movement for V2 coded negotiating a curve, category other vehicle encroachment from adjacent lane same direction over right lane line. Critical event not coded to this vehicle. Additional factor for V1 inadequate surveillance, failed to look to the rear.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision, Roadway, Surveillance present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Roadway present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Making a U-turn
 2 ：Negotiating a curve

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Over the lane line on left side of travel lane
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From adjacent lane (same direction) - over right lane line

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Illegal maneuver
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
