Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two-vehicle crash occurred in a four-legged intersection. Both roadways are straight, level and undivided. The east/west roadway has one lane in each direction and is controlled by stop signs. The north/south roadway consists of two lanes in each direction. The speed limit for these roadways is 72 kmph (45 mph). This crash occurred during daylight hours with no adverse atmospheric conditions. Vehicle one (V1), a 2006 GMC Sierra 2500 pickup, was stopped eastbound at the stop sign. Vehicle two (V2), a 2006 Chevrolet Colorado pickup, was southbound in lane one. V1 entered the intersection turning left and the front struck the front of V2. Both vehicles were towed due to damage. The driver of V1, a twenty-four-year-old male, was traveling between one delivery and another. He was healthy, well rested and familiar with his vehicle. He travels this route weekly. This driver stated that he "just didn't see them coming." The driver of V2, a thirty-six-year-old male, was traveling with one passenger. This driver was not interviewed; no further information is available. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded as "this vehicle traveling; turning left at intersection." The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded as "driver related factor; inadequate surveillance (e.g. failed to look, looked but did not see)." The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded as "other vehicle encroachment; from crossing street, turning into opposite direction." The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event for V2 was "not coded to this vehicle."
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Surveillance present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Stopped in traffic lane
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Turning left at intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From crossing street, turning into opposite direction

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Inadequate surveillance (e.g., failed to look, looked but did not see)
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
