Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This two-vehicle collision occurred on a two-lane two-way roadway. This road is straight and level and had snow on the edges of the roadway. The posted speed limit on the road is 72 kmph (45 mph). This crash occurred during nighttime hours with no adverse atmospheric conditions. Vehicle one (V1), a 2004 Nissan Titan, was southbound in the first lane. Vehicle two (V2), a 1997 Dodge Ram, was southbound in the first lane behind V1. V1 departed the roadway on right side. As V1 was off the road the vehicle began to rotate clockwise and V1 reentered the roadway. The front of V1 impacted the front of V2. V1 was towed due to damage. V2 was not towed due to damage. The driver of V1, a seventeen-year-old female was driving to pick up her brother. This driver indicated that she did not like driving this vehicle due to its size. This driver stated that the vehicle got off into the snow and then she lost control. This driver drives this vehicle only rarely and over this road on a daily basis. This driver only has one year of driving experience. The driver of V2, a thirty-four year old male heading home from a friends house at the time of the crash. This driver noticed V1 depart the roadway and attempted to avoid the collision by steering right. This driver drives this vehicle daily and over this road on a monthly basis. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: this vehicle traveling, off the edge of the road on the right side. The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event was attributed to V1 and was coded as a driver related factor: poor directional control (e.g., failing to control vehicle with skill ordinarily expected). The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded: other vehicle encroachment; from adjacent lane [same direction] - over right lane line. The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event was not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision, Distraction, Driver Inexperience, Driver Performance present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Off the edge of the road on the right side
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From adjacent lane (same direction) - over right lane line

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Poor directional control (e.g., failing to control vehicle with skill ordinarily expected)
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
