Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This four-vehicle crash occurred on a straight, level, curbed median-divided roadway, approaching a traffic signal-controlled intersection. The eastbound lanes consist of three through lanes and a left turn lane. The speed limit on this roadway is 72 kmph (45 mph). This crash occurred during daylight hours with no adverse atmospheric conditions. Vehicle one (V1), a 2006 Cadillac CTS, was eastbound in lane one. Vehicle two (V2), a 2005 Nissan Altima, was stopped eastbound in lane one. Vehicle three (V3), a 2004 Kia Sedona, was stopped in front of V2 and vehicle four (V4), a 2003 GMC Envoy, was stopped in front of V3. The front of V1 struck the back of V2. V2 moved forward and the front struck the back of V3. V3 then moved forward and the front struck the back of V4. V1 was towed due to damage. The driver of V1, a fifty-nine-year-old male, was traveling from work to a medical appointment. He was well rested, healthy and drives his vehicle often. He travels this route weekly. This driver was not interviewed; no further information is available for this driver. The driver of V2, a thirty-year-old female, was traveling with two young male passengers. This driver was not interviewed; no further information is available for this driver. The driver of V3, a fifty-one-year-old female, was traveling with a fourteen-year-old male passenger, from work to her home. She was healthy, well rested and comfortable with her vehicle and passenger. This driver travels on this roadway daily. The pre-event movement for V1 was coded as "going straight." The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded as "other motor vehicle in lane; other vehicle stopped." The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded as "driver related factor; type of driver error unknown." The pre-event movement for V2 was coded as "going straight." The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded as "other motor vehicle in lane; traveling in same direction with higher speed." The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event for V2 was "not coded to this vehicle." The pre-event movement for V3 was coded as "going straight." The critical pre-crash event for V3 was coded as "other; not involved in first harmful event." The critical reason for the critical pre-crash event for V3 was "not coded to this vehicle."
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Drugs present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Going straight
 3 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Other vehicle stopped
 2 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Traveling in same direction with higher speed
 3 ：Other- Not involved first harmful event

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Type of driver error unknown
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
 3 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
