Case Summary:
1    Case Summary The crash occurred in the northbound lanes of a two-way roadway with one lane in each direction. The roadway was straight and level and it was clear with no adverse conditions. It was daylight and the speed limit was 48kmph (30mph). V1 was a 2001 Toyota Camry that was traveling northbound and slowed down for traffic when it was rear-ended by V2, a Mitsubishi M/H truck. Both vehicles came to a final rest shortly after the impact. V1 was driven by a 48 year-old female who sustained minor injuries and was transported to a medical facility. The Toyota was towed due to damage. The Critical Pre-crash event for V1 was coded as other vehicle in lane, traveling in same direction with higher speed. The Critical Reason for the Critical event was not coded to the driver. Possible associated factors were unknown because the interview was not obtained. V2 was driven by a 27 year-old male who did not sustain any injuries. The driver stated that a vehicle in front of him (V1) stopped for no apparent reason and he attempted to brake but could not stop in time. The Mitsubishi was not towed. The Critical Pre-crash event for V2 was coded as other vehicle in lane, traveling in the same direction while decelerating. The Critical Reason for the Critical event was coded as a Driver related factor, too fast to respond to unexpected actions of other's (V1 suddenly stopping). The associated factors for this crash include traveling too fast conditions (reasons unknown) and the driver did not realize that he/she was too close to forward vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 2:  Decision, Speed/Distance present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Going straight
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Traveling in same direction with higher speed
 2 ：Other Motor Vehicle in Lane- Traveling in same direction with lower steady speed

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
 2 ：Driver Related Factor- Following too closely to respond to unexpected actions
