Case Summary:
1    Case Summary This single-vehicle crash occurred in the late morning of a weekday on a 2-lane undivided roadway with a 72 kmph (45 mph) speed limit. The bituminous roadway was flat, dry, and curved to the left at the location of this crash. The weather conditions were clear, dry, and daylight. V1, a 1998 Ford Expedition utility vehicle with one occupant, was eastbound when it departed the right roadside, reentered the roadway and departed the right roadside again where it rolled over (event #1) and struck a tree with its top (event #2). The vehicle came to rest on its wheels facing north and its driver was transported from the scene to a hospital. The driver of V1 was a 17-year-old female high school student who was commuting home from her high school (summer class) when she was involved in this crash. She stated that while she was driving on this 2-lane road, she looked down and reached for a bottle of water that was on the front right seat. She drove off the right side of the roadway onto a grass roadside and when she tried to swerve back onto the roadway, she overcorrected and lost control of the truck. She reentered the roadway only to depart the right roadside again where she rolled over into a tree and came to final rest on its wheels. She was driving with a license permit that restricts her from driving between 9 pm to 5 am. The Critical Pre-crash Event for V1 was coded this vehicle traveling off the edge of the road on the right side. The Critical Reason for Critical Event was coded internal distraction. Associated factors include the use of prescription medication for depression and ADHD, retrieving object from seat, overcompensation, and driver inexperience.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Distraction, Driver Inexperience, Driver Performance, Driver Physical, Drugs present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Negotiating a curve

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Off the edge of the road on the right side

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Internal distraction
