Case Summary:
1    Case Summary The crash occurred at the intersection of a two lane, two way, undivided concrete roadway and a three lane, two way, undivided asphalt roadway. Both roads were dry, traveled and level. The posted speed limit was 48 kmph (30 mph). Traffic was light at the time of the collision. There were no adverse weather conditions. The crash occurred early in the evening on a sunny, clear day. Vehicle one (V1), a 1985 Ford Crown Victoria, was southbound in the first lane. Vehicle two (V2), a 1997 GMC Tahoe, was negotiating a left curve traveling northwest in the first lane. V1 entered the intersection without the right of way and the front of the vehicle struck the front of V2. V1 rotated clockwise and came to rest in the roadway facing southwest. V2 rotated counterclockwise and came to rest in the roadway facing west. The critical pre-crash event for V1 was coded: this vehicle traveling, crossing over (passing through) intersection. The critical reason for the critical event was coded to V1 as a driver related factor: misjudgment of gap or other's speed. The driver, a 41 year old male, was not paying attention to the driving task due to carrying on a conversation with the passenger. He was on his commute home from work and looking straight ahead prior to the crash. He made a misjudgment of speed and gap distance of V2 before proceeding into the intersection after stopping for the stop sign. The critical pre-crash event for V2 was coded: other vehicle encroachment; from opposite direction - over right lane line. The critical reason was not coded to this vehicle.
Name: Case Summary, dtype: object

Output Text 1:
Vehicle 1:  Decision, Distraction, Drugs present problem 
Vehicle 2:  Decision, Driver Inexperience, Driver Physical, Drugs present problem 

Output Text 2:
 Movement Prior to Critical Crash Envelope
 1 ：Stopped in traffic lane
 2 ：Going straight

 Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：This Vehicle Traveling- Crossing over (passing through) intersection
 2 ：Other Vehicle Encroachment- From opposite direction - over right lane line

 Critical Reason for Critical Pre-Crash Event
 1 ：Driver Related Factor- Misjudgment of gap or other's speed
 2 ：Not coded to this vehicle- Critical reason not coded to this vehicle
